1	"Dear Local Newspaper, I believe the computer does have positive perks, but it also has negative perks. Reason one you loose interaction with people. Reason two you then forget to excersize. Reason three, your health is in jeopardy. Firstly, you loose interaction with family and friends. Because you would spend so much time on the computers. It ruins your marriage if you are married. If you have kids you risk your relationship with them. I am not saying to stop using computers. Because I use them myself. I am saying don't make your life the computer. It's not good for you! Secondly, you need excersize. Stastics show @PERCENT1 of the people who live on their computers gain weight faster would know because as @NUM1 yr old I have gained a little weight because of computers. Most people when on the computer tend to eat more @CAPS1 are all well-known facts. That have been proven. Since, you can't walk with a computer in hand, you stop moving. Meaning you stop excersizing. You have to limit your time and then there is where I believe they (computers) benfit you. Lastly, your health is very much at stake. If you are at the computer for @NUM2 hours at a time your eye-site will pay. My eyes stink when I am on the computer for half an hour. Doesn't your head hurt when you are the computer for so long? Yes, the computer is fun and it gives you things to do, I am the first one to admit that But, it also hurts your heath. For being on the computer for so long you are at risk for carpal tunal syndrome. Which is very painful. Computers are so much fun and make life easier. But, they have disadvantages. Reason one you loose interaction with people. Reason two you stop excersizing. Reason three your health is at risk. If you limit time, everythig will be alright!"	4	4	8
2	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I have heard the concern of many scientists about computers. Computers have brought us into the @DATE1 and have improved our society but they are harming our childrens health and education. Because of computers, children and adults around the world are spending less time with family and friends, they are not enjoying athletic activities and they are having health problems. Because of an increase in technology, children and adults are not spending time with their families. The computers are ruining family connections. For example, a study at @ORGANIZATION1 showed that families with more computers in their houses communicated less. The children are talking to their friends online or are going on social networking sites instead of talking in person to their family members. Also, computers are making it very hard for families to have meals together. When the children are on the computer, they do not want to leave. This obsetion with the technology is making it harder for families to grow moved and of were more succesful in school. The computers are children from a better education. Athletic activities are also suffering been so of @PERSON1, fresh air more children They will be on websites all day insted of being on a. Sports teams because of computers. The electricity that runs computers of this radiation. Being exposed to this could lead to brain damage or possible death. When my aunt bought a computer for the first time, she complained about massive headaches that kept returning. This was caused by the radiation emitted from the computer. Another health risk is obesity. When children sit in front of a computer for many hours, they have an increase in apetite. These children eat because they have nothing better to do. While on the computer, the users eat and will gain weight because of the loss of exercise. They could become obese and possibly get diabetes. Therefore, there is less communication in families, a loss of excersise, and health concerns caused by the computers. The consequences of misusing this technology are devastating and could be life thretening. Thus, I urge you to do whatever is possible to use the computer less or face the consequences that come with it."	6	4	10
3	"@CAPS1 you know we all like computers and we all use it for all different tyoes off things like to chat or to do work and most importantly to fine something but computers are in a way not that good for you especially if your computer is your life, one reason I think computers are in a way bad is because when you are on it for when you are on it for along time you get hungry then you get some snaks and by the time your done using the computer gained. A pound no imagin how much wiget you will gain if you do that every day alot! My next reason why I think computers are in a way bad is because when you are the computer too long your eyes start to hurt and your hands start to cramp and everything starts to hurt to much typing and looking at the same thing for along to can make you have eye problems and can also give you something in your hands and then you will not to be able to do anything with your hands for along time because it will start hurting. My last reason why i think computers in a way are bad because it can mess your computers up it can over heat or just down because you have ben on it for too long. It can also get a virese then you will just have to get a whole new computer @CAPS1 you can see there are plenty of reasons why I think computers are kinda bad"	4	4	8
4	"I Believe that computers have a positive effect on people. Computers are a relatively new invention, they have become very popular. Computers allo people to talk online with each other. They also allow students to complete homework assignments and important projects. Computers also allow people to store important files and pictures in places that won't get lost. Computers are helpful in so many ways, but these are just a few. Computers allow people online. whether @CAPS3's through email, instant messaging, or a video chat, computers peplace old and haved ways @ORGANIZATION1 communication. For example, instead @ORGANIZATION1 writing a letter to someone, mailinbg @CAPS3 to them, and having to wait two days for them to receive @CAPS3, email them! Obtain an email address, type a message, and click send. They will receive the message instantly, and even reply soon enough @PERSON1, president @ORGANIZATION1 the @ORGANIZATION1, says, ""Computers are an important part fo technology. People use them everyday."" @CAPS1 them everyday doesn't mean just for fun. @CAPS3 also helps with work. Three out @ORGANIZATION1 four adults who used computers say that they help them with their work and social status. Computers are a part @ORGANIZATION1 everyday life, and they can help with almost anything. Computers allow students to finish homework and projects quite fst. Instead @ORGANIZATION1 hand-writing that four-page essay on @PERSON2 @CAPS1 textbooks and use the internet for finding information. Computers also allow students to email teachers in case @ORGANIZATION1 missed classes and assignments. @CAPS4 @PERSON3, a student at @ORGANIZATION2 who had missed quite a few days @ORGANIZATION1 school, says, ""@CAPS2 I had to do was email my teachers, and they sent me @CAPS2 the homework assignment. I missed @CAPS3 was that easy."" @CAPS4's not the only one who agrees that computers are a big help. Millions @ORGANIZATION1 kids & adults agree. Computers not only let students write reports; they also allows them to save them for future uses. They also save important files and precious pictures. Everyone hates @CAPS3 when their camera or video camera breaks, and will their precious and wonderful memories are gone. Well, just save them to the computer, and they're there forever! @NUM1 out @ORGANIZATION1 @NUM2 people who store @CAPS2 their pictures in a computer agrees this is the best way to do @CAPS3. In conclusion, computers do have a positive effect on people. They allow people to talk online. do homework & projects, and store important files. I can assume that everyone agrees with me that computers are an important part @ORGANIZATION1 everyday life. We just woudn't be the world we are without them."	6	5	11
5	"Dear newstimes, I really think that computers are a good thing because they let you talk to people online, they have ways or doing things for other people, and people have to manage alot of there money and hills on the computer. First they let you comunicate with other people, did you know that @PERCENT1 of people in the united states have family in a different state, and never get to see them, well, thats when computers come in handy because computers have a thing calle d vidio chat and thats where if you have a webcam you can talk to peoplem from different places around the world because you can see each other both through the camera, also there is a thing called @CAPS1 and that allows you to talk to people whenever you want if they are online, my mom got a @CAPS1 and now she chatting she hasn't seen since highschool and she is very happy to see her old friends again. secondly computers have away of people, like if you have an emergency you can go to the computer and save it. Like if you have an email you can email then if you have and emergency, there is even a thing on the computer that can call someone or even call all for along emergency. @PERCENT2 of the people in the @LOCATION1 say that a computer has many people think that from a computer. Thirdly computers help people paying there bills and with there mony. Did you know that @PERCENT3 of people in the united states pay there bills on the computer and manage there mony on the computer. I know my parents do and I know a lot of other people that do to, and if we didn't pay our bills then we wouldn't be able to have a home or anything and thats pretty much do need computers because if you didn't have them then people wouldn't have a any mony. In conclusion people really do need computers because people like people that they know and they have helped many people in the united states and lastly computers really help you manage money and bills, and every body should have a computer for all of these very good reasons."	5	4	9
6	"Dear I think computers greatly benefit society, and advance technology. They provide knowledge in a click, and entertainment after a long day out work or school. Not only that, but people have found long-lasting careers because of the invention of the computer. So obviously, computers are a great influence on society. Do you want to find out when major legue baseball first came to be? Or maybe you have a history report due the next day, and your parents can'@CAPS3 drive you to the library? This isn'@CAPS3 a problem anymore. Computers have evolved a long way since they were invented in the @NUM1's. You can check up on your local news, by having @NUM2's of electronic newspapers right at your fingertips. Or maybe you want to venture outside your neighborhood, and check out what's happening in @LOCATION2 or @LOCATION1. News isn'@CAPS3 the only thing the internet is useful for though. You can also go onto one of the @DATE1's of websites for school help, or check how the stock market is doing. Or, you can just use the handy calculator found right on your desktop. What could be better? Of course not all users have a computer for information. Many have it for entertainment purposes. In fact @PERCENT1 of people use the computer for entertainment everyday. What, with all the fun stuff you can do, who can blame them? Social networking is placed at the top of the list. A whopping @PERCENT2 of internet users use sites like @CAPS1 or @CAPS2. These sites are useful for catching up with friends you might not have seen in years or continue a conversation from @NUM3 minutes ago. You can also use computers to watch live-streaming @CAPS3.V, or that new @CAPS4 you got yesterday. That's right, @CAPS3.V's might not be needed soon! And what would a compter be without games? There are @NUM2's of @DATE1's of them scattered all across the web. How great is that? And finally, many people have found their careers through the internet. Did you know that @PERSON1, @NUM5, was found through you tube when his mom posted videos for the family to see when they couldn'@CAPS3 attend proformances? Of couse, you tube isn'@CAPS3 the only way to make money. Tons of jobs are listed by employers only for the curious person to find. No more wondering city streets, now you can just submit on aplication or have an interview without ever leaving your. Artists have also discovered talents, by playing around with @CAPS6 or @CAPS7. Not to mention the career paths involving computers directly, such as repairing or movie special effects. So no matter what you use a computer for have it be job hunting, entertainment, or information, they are a good idea to have them in your home. There's a erason that @PERCENT3 of @CAPS8 use them, and it's not just an excuse to sit around all stay."	6	5	11
7	"Dear local @CAPS1 I hear you are not sure if computers are good or not well they are and I have many reasons why but I will tell you is. First the games teach hand eye coordination, teach people about faraway places like other countrys, last it helps to keep in touch with people. My first major reason is it can and does help hand eye coordination every day. It does this with the mouse you have to be very coordinated to be good at the games on the computer. This will help in every day lives to to play catch with your son or to pick something up it is very important. Also it can help you get on ethnic back round to learn about faraway places. If you are going on a trip I would want to know about that place to see what I need. Or to just look at how beuatiful the countrys are will make you amazed. So for just @NUM1 reasons I would already rethink. Finally I think this is most important reason of to stay in touch with I know my mom dont got a facebook and she talking to all he old friends she says ""nice"" I think have friends is very important to everyone and computers help them. I conclusion there are reasons why a computer is good like hand eye coordinations learning about faraway places. So I hope you have been I know I would have and there is no doubt is my you will make the right choice."	4	3	7
8	"Did you ever need to know something about another place, or maybe want to see your baby cousin who is not a baby anymore? Having a computer is a huge benefit to society. It not only ables you to find out information, and chat with family and friends but also can teach you hand eye coordination. A computer can tell you just about anything you need to know. This could help you learn about other cultures, places, or something as simple as what is @LOCATION1 creampie. the computer has endless knowledge. This is a huge benifit because a computer is one of the few tools that could help you expand your learning with a click of a button. Having a computer also allows you to talk to family and friends. New computers now have webcams. This benifits you to see and speak to them without having to get on a plane or any long car rides. Which I know is a big benifit for everyone who has relatives that don't live right next door whether it helps your swing in baseball or to catch that touchdown, having a computer is a big help in hand-eye coordination. Believe it or not, having to type a paper for school helps out alot in hand-eye coordination. Having hand-eye coordination can help you out a lot in life whether in activities, school work, or jobs. It is obvious that having a computer is a huge benifit to society by having that ability to learn more, chatting with family and friends, or to help you pass the football with one of your buds. The society today wouldn't be the same without computers."	4	4	8
9	"Dear, local newspaper people @CAPS1's lot of computer that have help us with are planet. Like not letting us dive are cars for stuff. Learninging was easyer for every one with computers too. Then have comunications with people with computers. We should hate a box the has information in it, we should be glad we have something like that in are home. Why we don't need-in us cars sometimes if you have a computer. Like some people have desided that can have @CAPS1 own busniss so they us the computer to make one. Then if you don't want to waste time driveing to buy a te-shirt you can just go on the computer and buy one. Next the more we drive the more polution git in are atmisphier. If we did not have computers are planet will get @PERCENT1 more pulluted. Each year. Now do you want that to happen to the world? Last, we wont be wasting gas on are cars because we are using computers. If the computer was taken away people will still choose the lasy way and just drive cars. Learning is easyer for every one with computers like we don't have to look in a book to find something. Then @CAPS1 different learning programs to teach us a different language. Like for lots of people have college for people who did not. Last, it can help us do are homework if we have on it. I realy my second brain, it has . Now lot of. Third, communication are going to be a hole lot with computers. Say you dont have and you to send a lot. The computer to help you, it will allow you to talk to, then you can talk to other people like the japaness who know english so you now how @CAPS1 life is to yours. You can ask people question. Or just for fun you can play mind game with other people. I got to do alot of chating with my old friend by this and I miss them but if the only way I can talk to them with out my parents yelling at me bacause the phone bill is so high. The greater or go of a computer make us know we don't have do that many stuff. Like polute are air. Then we can learn fast without a book. Last, to alow us to talk to my old friend, so can every one beleve me that the computer is not that bad."	4	4	8
10	"Dear editor, I agree with having computers in our homes. I think that computers are good because of these reason. The computer has a-lot of information that you can look up. Also the computer can save a-lot of important things you need. Then you can comunicate with people far away. I think that a computer is a really good thing becouse you can look up varius things like something about someones life that way important. You can look up a website that tells you about a word or a car that you need to learn about for school or work. You can look up something that happed a long time ago @NUM1 or @DATE1 that was a. Then you could look up a your family tree and send out who you are routed to one how was or family in the past time, you could look up your book account or your e-mail on the computer to. So this is one reason that I think a computer is good for. Another reason why I would think that a computer is a good thing for anyone it can save a-lot of important things. Some you could save important from your past. Also you need save your reports for your school or work. Then you can save pictures from when you you on occation. You could favorite websites to your favorites so you can go to it any time you want to. This is another reason why I think computers are a good thing. One last reason why I think that computers are a good thing is because you can comunicate with people far away. You can have family that just went on and you can keep in touch with them through your e-mail, myspace, facebok, ect. You could vidio chat with your friends or family that lives in a diffrent place. You could go in chats with your co-workers or your boss for a meeting. This is anothe reason why I think computers are a good thing. So as you can see this is why I think computers are a good thing because of you can look up things, how you can save important things also because you can go and comunicate with your friends. So this is why I think computers are a good thing."	4	4	8
11	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I would like to notify your business that computers benefit society. Computers allow people to talk to friends and family, they are important resources for many jobs as well as school work, and they allow people to learn and store information. Computers are one of the biggest advances we have in technology. First and foremost, computers allow people to talk to friends and family. I like to go on the computer, mostly because I'm able to speak with my friends. Computers are a good way to talk to friends that you @MONTH1 not see often or just to talk at the appropriate time. I have a facebook and I always talk to my friends about events happining in school or school work. For instance, last month I sprained my ankle and I stayed home from school for one day. So I went on facebook at around @TIME1, when everyone was home from school and my friend told me what was for homework that night. So, now because of our computers I could catch up on the work that I missed that day of school. Also, if you have family that lives far away or someone in college you can send them an email to keep in touch. My cousin is in college right now and I always talk to him on the computer to see how he is doing. For example, we always talk about sports we are involved with during that time of year. As you can see, computers are a great way to keep in touch with family and talk to friends. Secondly, computers are a big part of many peoples lives because many jobs involve computers; as well as school. Computers are a very useful piece of technology because people use computers for paying bills, jobs and more. For example, my dad tests computer programs as a job. The programs are constructed, then corrected and revised, then finally sent out all over the world. If people weren't allowed to use computers then many people would lose their jobs and many families would be in huge debt. Also, children do a lot of school work on the computer. For example, I take spanish and I earn culture points for my class by answering a question on the computer. Studies show that over @PERCENT1 of children use computers for some sort of school work. Computers are a big part of the working society today. Finally, computers allow people to learn about different places around the world. The computer holds a lot of valuble information. There is facts and fasinating pictures about different countries. It also shows people around the world the culture, style, language and many more facts about places around the world. For instance, my uncle was on the computer one day and he was looking at places in @LOCATION1 and after a long hard thinking process him and his family moved there and they still live there to this day. Computers inspire people to learn and see different places and @MONTH1 lead them to something important one day. In conclusion, I feel very strongly about how positive computers are to society today. I know that you will feel the same way because computers have so much to offer."	5	5	10
12	"New @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 computers is a benefit to society. Most people not think so but there are many reasons why they are. People will always have something to do when they are bored, there is plenty to learn, and it keeps you organized. After reading this paper, you will agree with me that computers are a benefit. Do you ever get bored and have nothing to do ? Well if you have a computer around, there are endless things to keep you busy. People can talk to their friends and keep in teach with them. No matter how far away they go. There are many websites that have games you can play. Any type of game they are all on the computer. You @MONTH1 be thinking, "" I might get addicted to a game and never want to take my eys off the screen. Well, in that case, you can always set a timer on it to give you a certain amount of time, but don't worry, it warns you before it shuts down on you. The computer isnt' all fun and games though. It is filled with knowledge, it's like the brain of @NUM1 scientists and mathematicans put together. If you have a school assignment in write a paper on someone famous, you can research them on the computer for a quick way to get information. There will be plety of websites about that person. Also, everyday there are news updates about what is going on in the world. You never have to worry about not knowing whats going on. Do you like to stay organizes I personally, think it's easier to get through life and everyday, knowing where things are and staying organized. The computer is a great, easy way to keep organized. There are many programs that you can use to write documents, make graphs and whatever you need to do. About <@PERCENT1@NUM2> of working people need the computer to do their job and keep track of everything. @PERCENT1 of the working humans is a larger amount. So, thing about it, if computers weren't made, that <@PERCENT1@NUM2> of people would not have, jobs, or they would have to keep everything down on paper which @MONTH1 be a catastrophe. After a while, you @MONTH1 want to back everything up by copying all of your photos, files, music ect. to a @CAPS4 so you dont loose everything if your computer shuts down. After reading this, don't you agree with me, that computers are a benefit to society? There are many more reasons but this paper had alot. I hope you have realized that without computers, the world wouldn't be as it is today. Thank you for your time. "	5	5	10
13	"Some people don’t like computers because of instant reason, and other people like computers little too much. I like computers but @CAPS1 not obsess with computers give good efforts on people, even me you can learn things off the computer and you start to get good hand eye coordination one of the things I like about the is that you can 'talk"" to other people. Lots of people uses the computer a little too much that they dont exercise, or watch nature as much some normal (other) people should, and they dont spend them with their familys. I rather spend time on the computer for only (#@NUM1) three hours so then I can do other things with my time and you or anybody should do the same."	2	2	4
14	"Dear local Newspaper, Have you ever wondered why people spend so much time on the computer. The effect of people a computer is good and had because the good parts you can communicate with people in far away places, like you can talk to someone you went to @LOCATION1 with in @LOCATION1 and / or @CAPS1 @LOCATION1 with. The bad part is that if your on the computer all the time then you are neglecting time with family and friends. When you are spending all of you time on the computer you are becoming a couch potatoe and its very unhealty of also a good reason is a family member moved and you had to communicate by webcam so if you like live in @LOCATION2 and you have all you family here in @STATE1 other by sending letter and by sending pictures but they cant see how you act and by phone you can only hear voices you can see anything. A lot people disagree because alot people think computers are a big waste so thats all i have to say on the subject."	3	3	6
15	"Dear local newspaper, I am writing this letter to you to show on how people get effected from computers. It effects people very well and teaches people many things for just one technology. Computers effects many people for what it does. Computers have many advantages that people learn very quickly. Many people love computers. It is one of the most best inventions to everyone around the world. They teach positive things for people to learn. Computer even have a positive effect on people across the world. They teach many things for people to learn and that have already learned. Such as, hand-eye cordination. When you type up words it teaches you to see better with your eyes. Computers also, give people the ability to see, understand, and gives information about people across the world. Celebraties are very popular on computers or other technologies. Computers help you learn things better than any other technologies. Anything you can get on any other technologies. There is a guarantee of you will find it on your computer. Computers are just like other technologies but in some categories they're much better than the others. Computers are very important in life because without computers we would not learn how to communicate with each other. If we did not have phones to use to call someone. On the computer if you go online you can maybe talk to someone by their email address. You can talk to someone that you have not talk to in years. You can look images or videos that you haven't seen in years. On computers, you can find out information from news that week of or even the day of. In conclusion all I say is that without computers in this world. What would it be like? Most technologies that are not as good computers will be popular without computers. I wonder what it will be like?"	3	3	6
16	"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 opinion about computers is that they benifet people. they help people when they need it, it gives people entertainment. So that is why computers benifet people. @CAPS1 first reason is that a computer can help people when they need help like for instace if you have to write a paper and you need to look something up such as reseach you can use the computer or if there is a long main cwayshion then you can look up the formula. So as you can see that is why computer benifts people @CAPS1 second resson is that it gives people entertainment, such as myspace, you twitter. And those are social networks, if you like to watch tv. or listen to music there are websites for them also. So that is why I said computers give you entertainmen too. @CAPS1 third resson is that it helps people such as if you in different contries and you can't go see them you to them through instans or web cam. Or if you are home schooled and you dnt see other kids your age that can talk to the on the computer. So as you can see that why I say you can through the computer. So as you can see that is why I say computer are very benifical be cause they give you entertainment they let you communicate and they help people so."	3	3	6
17	"Here is my @CAPS1 I think computers are useful and here are my @NUM1 reasons one kids can talk to their friends @CAPS2 they are punsied. My second reasons is people can go on the computer @CAPS2 they are bored for ex: @CAPS2 a kid beat all teir games and @CAPS2 they are bored they go search for new ones to buy, my final reason is @CAPS2 people want to look up something for something 'like their project but @CAPS2 the labireey is closed they can just copy down the thing they need. My first reason is, kids can talk to their friends on the computer @CAPS2 they are grounded for ex: I was grounded in @DATE1 for slapping my cousion in face but I still got to talk my friends kthen we are still talking but the only way to trick your parterents are to tell you are aking your friend about homework. Myh second reasons is people can go on the computer @CAPS2 they are bored for ex: @CAPS2 a kid beat all his games and he is broded te can go serch for new ones to buy or rent them or play downloadable games for the computer. My final reason is @CAPS2 someone wants to look up something for his or her project and the liebreey is closed for information and copy it down for your project. My conclusion is we need computers to survive without them we will be in the stone age still."	3	3	6
18	"Computers are great technology, but they have a terrible impact on peoples lives! Computers cause children to fail and lose their exercize. The children also put their self in danger by joining a few different websites. Don’t waste your time in a boring computer screen! I am almost @PERCENT1 positive that the students who are doing poorly in school, are the students who go home, throw their back packs in the hallway, and start playing silly games online. My mom use to go on and on about how my dad spents to much time on @CAPS1, when he would only go one @NUM1 minutes a day to talk to family members. Now, my mom created a @CAPS1, that @CAPS2 said @CAPS2 was gona only go on to with the family, but @CAPS2 plays all the pointless applications, such as, ""cafe world."" @CAPS2 waste her time on @CAPS1 whenever @CAPS2 is home, when @CAPS2 could be going out and spending quality time with the family or out with friends. Something I havent mentioned is, I use to be one of those students who come home, throw their stuff in the hallways, and turn on the computer, the only difference is I didnt go online to play games, I would go on to talk to my friends I just saw! I relized after I got my report card that my gades were horifyingly terrible. My dad then disconected my @CAPS4, and I beleive my grades have gone up. At first I hated my dad for disconecting the @CAPS4, but now I want to thank him for breaking a disapointing hoby of being online whenever @CAPS3 home. He also mentioned to my sister how much exersize @CAPS2 was loosing all because @CAPS2 wanted to play online. In alot of ways, computers are pointless! Do you know how dangerous some websites can be? I once watched a television show at my aunts house, and an old creepy guy started a website were the teens had to video tape themselfs choking themselfs and who ever did it the longest won. About a hundred students died from playing the deadly game. There's also a website, ""blogtv.com."" were teens go online and go live on a webcam were anyone can watch them. I remember their was a week when my cousin, denise, and her best friend wanted to see who can get more veiwers. The two girls did unaproprient things on the webshows such as, flashing, dirty dancing, and showing body parts. The two girls were then banned from the website, but this was after people had screen shoted them and posted pictures of the girls. This should not be allowd for anyone to do, it's disterbing! Stop wasting your life people! Go out and have fun, dont let the @CAPS4 keep you home. The @CAPS4 is unsafe and pointless."	4	5	9
19	"Dear Newspaper, I strongly believe that technologies for kids and adults to use computers. I strongly believe that people have a bad affection people because you addicted, you spend less time with your family and friends. Finally, you spend less time excercising and doing great opportunities for your self. Clearly, i think that lettng students and adults use computers will take over their mind and make them addicted to the computer. This very bad because when your addicted to something, you can go back. This means you will have time for anything. For example, they micht forget what life is about and what was around for us to live in. Addiction is hard to get over , so don;t live your life in a box and play on nonsens live your life to the fullest. Over all, addiction in everything, including computers and a horrible . Without a doubt, spending too much time on computers will rott your brain and make you lazy. Meaning that the less you excersise, the less active you are. This problem is specially for teens. Teens have computer every week. cell phones, ipods, and many more. Alot of teens get cranky and the become node and neisty to their parents because they are testing to. As people dont excercise and move around alot, cause severe consequences like obesity and cancer. Obesity usually happens when you eating food, but it can also ahppen by not eating and not exercising. People that arent moving become lazy and have no desire to do anything which will an effect . Overall computers cause people to do the excercise and less active which will cause . Lastly, Computers make people spend less and less time with their family, and treat their computer as if the computers are . In everyday life , teens on their cell phones , their computers listening to , music . these electronics are causing. If this goes on alot of teens will loose the people they. Computers are a waste of time because they can make you. because they have affect on people who use computers and other electronics. "	5	5	10
20	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, Computers have both negative and positive affects on people. Many people before us went through everyday life without them. Although there are many good affects that computers have on people, the negative affect's outnumber them by far. For example, generations have lived and died without computers and it didn't affect them. Not only that but many children and adults in this centry are obese due to growing technology. Many people become obese because they were born with this technology and after years, or even days of sitting in front of their computer, they become lazy. They look to a computer as necesity and not a form of entertainment. Even though computers keep people in contact and keep them updated in their lives, that is the only important reason for a computer. As a student, I use my computer for my schoolwork. Everything I do on my computer involves either typing a paper or printing research. I could do these things with paper and pencil and ask people what I'm trying to find out. This is important because it shows that people don't need to be defandent on computers when they can do everything they need to without them. Lastly, computers aren't needed when we have the availability of cell phones that keep everyone in contact without computer games, chats or profiles. Also phones are safe so they cant get viruses and strangers cant look at your personal information, finding out where you live. In conclusion computers aren't healthy, keep you sitting, without exercise and aren't nessasary."	4	4	8
21	"@ORGANIZATION1, In my opinion, the effects computers have on people are good. I believe this because people can learn hand-eye coordination, they give the people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, and they even allow people to talk with people from around the world. Firstly, effects computers have on people are good because the people can learn hand eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination is good in many occations. Secondly, computers effects on people are good because computers give the people the ability to learn about faraway places and people is important becuase people can learn about history and important figures in life. Lastly, the effects people have from computers are good because computers allow people to talk with people from all around the world. This is usefull because the people can learn about each other, their customs and religious and also their cultures and heritage. All-in-all, I believe that computers have good effects on people because they can learn hand-eye coordination. Computers give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people and computers even allow people to talk with people online from all parts of the world."	3	3	6
22	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I believe that computers do benefit society in a positive way. Without computers we would not be able to be as social. We also would not have the ability to do reseach for school online and running a business would be even more difficult. Without computers our society would not be so far advanced. Being social is an important quality in life. the main way of being social these days, other than texting, is to chat online with friends. Facebook, @CAPS3, @CAPS4, and skype all give their users the ability to make new friends, find long lost friends, and chat with friends. I personally have a skype and facabook, and I am able to access them everyday. Without them, I wouldn't be able to chat with friends out of school except for sports and texting. Everyday I workout and lift weights and go on facebook, that is why that whole statement, ""spending less time exercising, and more time on the computer"" is false. Facebook and skype are a past of my everyday life and without them I know I would not be as social. Computers are also a part of my everyday life, because I have to use it to do research for school or typing up an @CAPS5 paper. As you have now seen, my handwriting is not so great, so I end up typing a lot of my homework because of it. Without computers my teachers would not be able to read my work. Computers also help with making graphs and data tables for science lab reports. Without a computer the graphs would have to be handmade, which is not as presentable. Overall computers are used everyday in school to either do research or to type up some homework. Education plays a key role in society and if we did not use computers out education that we would receive would not be the same as it is now. My last reason why i believe that computers play a positive role in society is that computers are what keeps businesses running. Without computers some businesses would be unable to function, and those could function, would be awful slow. Since our society is so far advanced our businesses need computers in order to complete the jobs. Expenses and income are saved to businesses computers, if that was all done an paper they could be lost or ruined. Computers also simplify work for businesses, they speed up the tasks that would takes a long time to be hand done and they complete the tasks that could not be acheived without a computer. Computers play a large part in the @CAPS6 of the world."	5	6	11
23	"Dear local newspaper, I also agree that computers have a positive effect on people. I agree with this because the computer can teach people things. Also people can talk to each other, and believe / create whatever they want. Computer have a positive effect on people because i believe the computer can teach people a lot. The computer can make things visual to kids and out. I know that when i was younger i used to play math and science games on the computer to help me study for tests. The computer also helps out with adults and their jobs. I don't know what half the adults in the world would do without computers. If you think about all jobs that are happening today also @CAPS1 of the computer. Such as e-mail. What would some buisnesses do. without e-mail? also adults like to check websites for the news and to catch upon sports. we can all learn so much from the computer and there are so many people who @CAPS1 their jobs on computer. we all learn something everyday and with the computer, we can make it kind. Also the computer benefits online chats e-mail and now even with a cam you can talk face to face with people all over the world I know e-mail helps out so many people who live long distance and e-mail doesn't take long at all. I know thanks to cam and microphones that are buit into computer helped our because now I can talk to all my friends and family and see them I hear them without traveling just simply clicking a button. There are websites now that @CAPS1 of taveing to @NUM1 people online and over cam or microphone. Things like this help out so much somepeople just. Think about all those people who have relationships and what not, @CAPS1 it off of computers really do help out. Lastly all the people who @CAPS1 their imagination off computers, all those people who put that thoughts and feelings into the computer. I know plenty of people who type their feeling because they would never dare say them a loud. Now imagine if computers faded away? That's what i think about what people say such things as the computers not. Everything is useful and everything has at least some sort of positive effect coming out or it. So @CAPS2 in my opinion computers do bring out a positive effect to the world."	5	4	9
24	"Dear @CAPS1, Computers are an amazing advantage to use in this modern day and age. They are easy to learn how to use, you can connect with old friends, and even learn by going to an online school or college they offer. Computers are amazing advancement and this is why you should use one. Who doesn't like computers? They are easy to learn how to use and are in a variety of forms. Almost every college student has a computer or laptop. They could have never used one before, but then they learned how easy it was. Most computers come already installed with the necessary programs including: @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS2 @CAPS3, or some form of @CAPS2, a virus protection software, and other simple software. Moving is very hard, you leave a place where you have so many friends to a place that is so new to you. Computers make this so much easier by letting you connect with them without having to wait for the mail by writing letters. There is email, facebook, and myspace that let you chat with old friends, new friends, or even parents. Some people say that these things are dangerous, that is only if you start talking to people you don't know. People keep coming up with even more ways to stay connected so don't miss out on the opportunity. These people are so smart, they figured out a way to have school online. This is very helpful to somebody who is injured or is trying to get another degree to get a better job. People get assignments to do and each class only takes about one or two months. People get to do their job or enjoy nature still because their day is open and not busy. Sure people don't get to enjoy the campus, but with the price of gasoline these days, it's worth it. So don't be the person sitting around doing nothing, buy a computer and stay in touch with technology. Remember computers are easy to use, you can stay connected to friends and you can go to school on them. This technology can help you more than it can hurt you."	4	5	9
25	"Dear @LOCATION1, Computers are a neccessity to life. They benefit not only the community but the whole world! They provide education for anyone who has access to the internet. Secondly, it's a form of communication. Also, computers can be fun and entertaining. As you know, education is one of the most important things in anyone's life. Where would we be without a computer to help? Think about how many times you've used @ORGANIZATION2 or @CAPS1 to search something you didn't know the answer to. It's a lot, right? I do research everytime I get a random question jammed in my head. Imagine how tough it would be without a computer to rely on when you have no idea how to answer something. Another thing is there are online courses now for students. Some college students have to look up their assignments and how to do them on their professors web page. Also, how world students know what their homework is if they can't check the @PERSON1 homepage? I check it almost everyday when I come home from school. It's great that the teachers care enough to post the homework. Without computers, we'd have a higher percentage of students not doing their homework. @NUM1 out of every @NUM2 people in @LOCATION2 has some form of online communication program. Whether it's @ORGANIZATION3 @CAPS2 or @CAPS3, maybe even youtube, or just a simple e-mail, practically everyone has one. How else are yousupposed to talk to your friends after school? What do you expect us to do call them? Then wwwe would be on the phone for hours! Anybody with a teen at home knows that. Also, computers help deaf people talk. They just type in what they want to say and out it comes.I remember when a lady came to our school who was blind and deaf and she demonstrated how to use that special program. Another reason is teachers and parents use e-mail to talk about academics and their children. Clearly communication is a must have. Therefore, computers are a benefit to society. There is no way that anybody over the age of @NUM3 has never played a computer game sometime in their life. Except, of course, if they don't have internet access. I know I used to play computer games, but they started to slow down my computer so my dad told me I had to stop or I can't use the computer anymore. Woops! Still, you can use the computer to look up cheats on video games. Oh come on like you haven't done that! Or at least your children have. Also, you can use specific programs like @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS4 or @CAPS5 @CAPS6 to create a cover page for a project or a presentation for your corporal business. In other words, computers are pleasurable. As you can see, computers are extremely educational. They provide search engines to figure out anything you're ever wanted to know about. Like, foreign places or movies. Anything. Also, we wouldn't have as much communication with people. How would we e-mail friends in @LOCATION3 without computers? Finally, you can find pleasure in computers. They are beneficial."	5	5	10
26	"Computers are becoming more advanced everyday, almost everyone owned, or owns a computer. I think, ther benefit society very greatly. One of the many ways is, they teach you hand eye coordination. So even @CAPS1 your playing games your hand-eye coordination @MONTH1 be improving. With hand-eye coordination you @MONTH1 need it to play sports like baseball. When do you need hand-eye coordination the most? I use it most, when I'm playing hockey or, baseball. So next time your on a computer, remember your hand-eye coordination is improving. Another reason we benefit from having computers, is we learn about far away places. @CAPS1, you know about places that are far away from you that you can or can't travel to, use a computer to gain some background knowledge @CAPS1 you travel somewhere on business and know nothing about it, what do you do? I know! get on a computer and do some research about it! An example of this is, @CAPS1 you have to fly out to @LOCATION1 and don't know anythin about it, use a laptop on the way over there. @CAPS1 you do that, you'll have some schema about the place. As you can see laptops and computers are great for learning of foreign countries. Finally, computers are great for learning a new language. You need to learn spanish in a couple of weeks. What will you do? Download a free language learning app. @CAPS1 you don't know a lot of french and need a few words but don't have a dictionary. Use a translator. When you are talking to someone from @LOCATION1 and you don't know there language use an english to african dictionary translation app on your computer. Computers have a great translater applications that are free so, @CAPS1 you don't know a language hop on a computer and learn it! In conclusion, computers are used every day and help us greatly, weather it be learning a new language, or just talking to friends. Computer benefit society greatly."	4	4	8
27	"Dear local newspaper, I would like to speak upon the topic of the effects that computers have on people. My opion on this topic is that computers do have an effect on people. Most people while surfing the internet don't keep track of time. What I mean when I say most people lose track of time is that, they try to keep track of the time but while on the web something @MONTH1 pop that catches their intrest and at that same time there focus is on something else. Some of the other effects computers can have on people is keeping them in the house. When many people are on the web they tend not to excersise as much. When in the house on the web most people that excersise stop excersising. The reason why this occurs is because while people are on the computer chair you feel so relaxed and calm that you don't want to get up. This leads into eating unhealthy foods. Some such as chips, donuts, twinkies and etc. Some @CAPS1 do not believe that is an opinion. The reason I say this is because while watching television the other day I saw a commercial that said quote ""@CAPS2 that are more active are healthier than @CAPS2 that stay on the computer all day. Most @CAPS1 do gain weight on the computer because they are not physically active. Not being physically active can lead to A) obesity @CAPS4) cloged arteries or @CAPS5) lazyness. It can lead to all three because those are the effects of being on a computer every of the day. Most @CAPS1 should be enjoying nature instead of staying on the computer. There is a lot more to life than being on the web. Some such as playing sports. Not only is playing sports fun but at the same tim it is also healthy. Would you rather live to @NUM1 or live to @NUM2. And so local newspaper that is why I am writing you this letter today. I mean would you rather have friends @CAPS2 or be lonely. There are weight surgerys but those can rack up to thousands of dollars. And yes weight loss surgery does have effects such as death. So come on @LOCATION1 its your decison and remember the most important part of this letter which is between liveing healthy and young or dieing unhealthy and suffer. Its your choice @LOCATION1 decide."	5	4	9
28	"Dear local Newspaper editor, More and more people are using computers, but not everyone thinks that is such a good idea. Those who support advances in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people. Other experts disagree. I think that computers do have a positive effect on people because they let you learn about anything all over the world, they let you talk online with other people, and teach hand eye coordination. I think that computers are very helpful. Dont you love having the oppritunity to research anything from any part of the world that you want to learn about? I'm sure that everyone who has a computer does. With computers, you can use search engines like, google, yahoo, ask, and so many more. I know that computers help me with research all the time when I do projects or write papers for school. The internet is a great, reliable that you cango to when researching a topic for shcool or even just looking for an answer to a simple question. My next reason is that computers let you talk to other people online. Things like facebook, email, myspace, and web-caming all let you communicate with people anywhere in the world. For example, I have an aunt that lives in @LOCATION1, and on christmas me and my family used my cousins webcam to see her and talk to her when we couldnt be with her on a special holiday. Also, things like facebook and myspace let you put up pictures and chat with friends and family all over the world. My last reason why I think computers have a positve effect on people is that playing on the computer is a good leisure time activity. There are all kinds of fun games you can play, and some even let you compete with other people around the world. For example, internet checkers is a game that lets you compete against someone else. There are so many websites that let you pick games you want to play out of a huge selection. Its obvious that computers have a positive effect on people for research, talking to friends & family and leisure activities. I hope you agree with me!"	4	4	8
29	"Dear @CAPS1 post, Computers are an advance in technology, in a good way. They do benifit are society grately. Its a way that family members can keep in touch, it makes your life easier booking a flight and keeping a flight and tastly they help kids with school work. They can bring people together. Firstly, they are a great way to keep in touch. In my own expierence I have a brother at college and when I miss him or need to talk to him I can always send him an email or vidoe chat with him. Do you have someone, you don't get to see everyday? It can really make your family closer, because you talk more, with your realitives, and with friends. Friends more and go away but you can always chat it you need them. In a time of pain all you want is a friend. When the friends away, a computer probably helped our, too, just getting there. Booking plans without a computer would be a hasal, waitting on the phone for hours, at end, with computers you can do it all in all about five minutes. I have had a expierence when my plane was canceless but didn't know until, she went on the computer and checked. So she just switche are flight and we were off but could you imagine going the next day to find out that your flight was canceled and try all day to get on a flight and might not. With computers you can check every hour on the hour if you like. It well even say if there delayed so you don't wait in the airport for five hours. When it comes to traveling computers are a hesasity. Has that ever happened to you? Most likly. Yes once you were happy you had a computer. On the other hand, it also helps with your education. When class is over and your teacher is trying to scramble to get the homework out, mostly no ones listioning all they want to do is scat. About nine out or ten kids won't know the assignment when they get home that night. I know thats happened to me. As a eighth grader you probably did the of just forgeting all about and just taking the concerned. You could use your computer. Most schools use some or device, here at @CAPS2 he have were all are teachers post, grades, test/quizs coming up and homework. It's just one click away from every thing we need. It all right there, together. Most @CAPS3 kuchers will be a let happier if their kids come, in with there homework then without. Wouldn't you be? From school fund raisers to the lunch menu its all there. In conclusion, computers do help us from everyday use. to special uses. It helps use make are family stronger, help us keep are flight out and help us get homework, for school the next day. Computers are a help to the society, in a great and convienent way."	5	5	10
30	"I agree that computers deffinately are an advantage to our society. I think this because they help us communicate and video chat with family and friends online, used as a great tool with school work, or work purposes. Most of all for the enjoyment of children and now the fun computer games help them prepare for real life consequences,like how the game webkinz teaches kids to care for pets. ""@CAPS1 you have a @CAPS2?"" @CAPS3 @CAPS4, my @CAPS5. ""@CAPS6, please friend request me"", I replied. Later that night, I get home and check my @CAPS2, a new notification pops up and I am now friends with my @CAPS5 @CAPS4. My entire family is on @CAPS2 and I think it's so usefull for several reasons, like making plans and parties. I hate writing invitations, but now every year for my birthday party I just type them up, taking less than five minutes. Or, for an even simpler way of sending invatations you can even just type an email or @CAPS2 message. In fact, I just got invited to a party yesterday over @CAPS2. It's so easy, you just create an event and tag all of your friends in the note. Also, it's so easy to get @CAPS13's because you automatically get notified. Technology like this drastically makes life easier. For example, have you ever gotten something new and just can't wait to show your friends? Well, now you can, in the comfort of your own home. All you need is a webcam and you can instantly connect with one of your friends that have one too. ""@CAPS14, @PERSON1! I love what you've done to your room, the pink wallpaper is so cute!"" I said. ""@CAPS15 you! I love your hair today. It's so pretty,"" says @PERSON1. I love webcamming with my friends because you can see and hear them as if they were in the same exact you. As you can see, webcamming is so much easier than spending more time money, and my moms time and getting a ride over her house. Computers make life so much more convienent. Another example how this is so much easier is now computers help you with school work. Have you ever had to write a report? Well, now many times teachers especially enjoy them typed because many students have messy hand writing and most kids won't like writing it anyways. Like myself, I type faster than I write and that's why I agree @PERCENT1 that computers benefit society. Most importantly, computers can help you find a good job online and even help type a great resume for you. How impressive would that be? If I was applying for a professional position of a job, I know I'll type my resume. In conclusion, that's how computers are so helpful, beneficial, important and fun to our society."	4	6	10
31	"I remember when computer wernt so popular. Back then I had to write my essays and listen to music on the radio. Now computers are very popular. I believe that computers have positive effect on people @DATE1 because students need them for school, you can use them for other things, and lastly it is easy to acess them. You will know that computers are good for our society! Most students use the computers to type college essays, project etc. Which is good because its much easier. For example im a student that can't draw so printed some pictures of the computer so I can paste them on my post board. So in the other words the computer is useful for students. I know @NUM1 out of @NUM2 colleges expect students to turn in there assignements threw the computers or its a zero. In this society theres no time for zeros because when you are in college your still paying for the class even if your failing or not. So basically its a waste of money. So the computer can save us from failing! People these days use computers for pleasure. Usually messaging people on myspace, facebook, twitter, and other social networks. Which is kind of intersting because you can up with friend that you haven't seen in years. As you can see the internet has its advantaes because you would have nvever thought you will see your friend doing. Another thing about computers that you can fint stuff cheaper than everyday lif say if you want to a trip and you call @ORGANIZATION1 for your ticket. The ticket came up to . But you go on the computer and you on @ORGANIZATION1 website and find your ticket to florida the price will most likely be a couple hundred dollars less. Since we are in a restion we will need those couple hundred dollars for savings. Computers are everywhere You can find one at school, home, a cafe or even on your cell phone. Which is good because you can use them at your own convince. At home if my labtop is free I can go on it and be on it for hours playing games. Also, I remember when my computer broke and I wanted to go on the computer so badly. So I realized that I can go on the computer at the library. I was so happy because it was no cost to me. To sum up computers have a positive effect on people. I seriously don't know what to do if I didn't have one because students need them, you can do other things on it, and lastly its easy to acess one! In this generation everybody is rushing and computers."	5	5	10
32	"Dear Readers, @CAPS1 of the most important inventions of the past decades is the computer, and it has its pros and cons. I think people spend to much time on computers, especially teenagers. They spend to much time on @CAPS2 and @CAPS3, and not enough time outside enjoying nature and playing sports or exercising. While they @MONTH1 talk with friends with @CAPS4, it is not the same as going to the park with friends and playing a game of baseball. Families also are distant form each other when they sit around on @CAPS5. Teenagers spend too much time on the @CAPS6 going where they should instead of doing more benefitul activities like reading. I sure we all know at least @CAPS1 obese person or teenager. My neighbor is the size of a killer whale and eats just about as much as @CAPS1. He will sit on the computer chair and stare with his eyes glazed at the computer chair and stare with his eyes glazed at the computer screen for hours on end. Sometimes I wonder how many brain cells he wastes per second. I will bet that everyone who reads this knows someone like my neighbor. The statistic @PERCENT1 of @LOCATION2 is obese is not exagrated at all. In my opinion, it is the fault of the @CAPS6 and computers. Instead of going to the gym or the soccer field with friends, they got to the computer and talk and eat junk food. They spend their time watching pointless @CAPS5 videos, while they should be playing baseball or football. Doubters say you learn hand-eye cordination with computers, but you can learn better with sports. Computers are a large factor in obesity because they encourage @CAPS1 to sit around instead of doing standard @NUM1 minutes a day of exercise. The next pressing issue is the amount of reading the average teenager and @CAPS9 does. I would say that the average gets about @NUM2 minutes of reading a day because they are to busy chating with friends on the @CAPS6. I have a cousin who reads about a book every @NUM3 years and fail every test he gets and has stayed back @NUM4 times, but instead of reading and learning, he is chating and texting. He wastes these excellent educational opportunitys while their are people in underdevolped countries like @LOCATION3 who are lucky to own a book. I know more than @PERCENT2 of the kids in my class do not read anything execpt the required reading and that is because they sit around on the computers wasting @CAPS10 is about @NUM5 and that number is decreasing because of the lack of reading done and the time on computers spent. I have seen survey that say @NUM6 out of @NUM7 spend more than @NUM6 hours a day on computers. These statistics and quotes have left me thinking, how much time do we really need to spend on computers instead of reading or else we will turn into oversized monkey who can't even rad. The computers and @CAPS6 are doing more than just erasing brain cell and are health, they are taking away the expriences that we could have outside in nature. Nature holds natural wonders like the @ORGANIZATION1, the @CAPS11 @CAPS12 and the @CAPS13 @CAPS14. What beats sking down a large slope, or climbing the @LOCATION1, certainly not computers. Unfortunatly, that what most @CAPS15 choose to do. They sit and tap on the keyboard instead of walking nature trails and walking on the beaches. They sit on old moldy chairs and stare at computer screens, unlike the people enjoying the butterfly gardens and wildlife preserves. Instead of taking steps to help the enviorment we are siting on the computers sleeping and being mesmerized by the light of the screen. We should be preserving and learning abouy what is left on the planet, but we are not because of these computes and the @CAPS6. I have present a strong arguement against computers that you @MONTH1 listen to or not. I strongly urge you to take action to start reduce time on computers spent. Set up programs at your house or town for turning off the computers. We need to do something now!"	5	5	10
33	"Dear @CAPS1 or @LOCATION1, @CAPS2 people believe that computors are harmful to our society because people spend more time on such technology. I believe that this is not the reason our society is falling today although I agree that people spend to much time on the computor. Computors are actually helpful in our society because it is an advance in communication. People have found ways to communicate with other people through plugging in a web cam and mic. Not only does the computor help communication but it also helps us gain information on modern day society like the news to stay up-to-date. This complicated device can also save files and documents by typing them in so that if it is lost you could just reprint it out. One main thing that people of modern day technology usually do is talk to faraway friends and family on spare time. Legal websites allow people to be informed of a friend or family about events that have ocurred like an incident or an up coming event. @CAPS2 experts like @PERSON1, who specializes in the behavior of people, says that this is a number one cause of obeisity and prevents people from meeting other people outside or even plain exercise. I would say this isn't completely true because before even talking to anyone. Online people usually go for a jog around the neighborhood. Information is vital in our society and keeps us up-to-date on modern life. A computor can give us certain information like news and whether report. These days every smart person would go search information on a computor for not only missed news but for future forecast on whether to plan a picnic. This would be a helpful tool to our society in order to keep up with the world and not miss the latest event. I believe this is an advance in our modern day society because you could get the information you need. When you are in a rush to go to work don't you end up losing papers and files just forgetting about them? The computor can send data to a computor to conviently copy a file or document so you won't have to rush to work and worry about lost files. It has been known that thirty out of fifty people have saved themselves from losing a job from a computor. The computor can also hold and store data for later use like a song or picture. You could send that file and listen to it on another computor. Now is the time to decide if you should support computors. The computor can help you talk to long lost friends of one touch of a button. If you need certain information than you could find it on a computor without ever leaving your comfortable home. last and not least you could hold important files and documents and save yourself the trouble from rushing to work. So go and type that letter to a representative to help people see that computors are good for our society."	4	6	10
34	"My opinion is that the more that we stay on the computer. The more we get lazy. One reason that I say this is because, a computer is a big handy person in reality. Second reason is, people stay in the house sitting down on the computer other than exercising. The third reason is, people just sit in the house, and an't enjoy fresh air with their loved ones. First, the reason why I say a computer is a big handy person because it does most of the things a human can do. That can lead a person to being very lazy. Just too sit in the house and go to websites. It has a big effect on a humans life. The computer technology have contecll over a huge population of recae. It really make miss out on half of their day. Second, people stay in the house on the computer other than exercising. It's very unhealthy for a person to sit down at a computer all day. The person has to eat so, basicly they eat and sit back down at the computer. It can get out hand because the computer allows people to grace food online. So that right there is an example of people not getting ecersise, and being lazy. You need to get your ecersise dayly. So people that doesnt get their ecersise need to start. Instead of sitting down on the computer all day. Third, many people over whole world have a lot of love one's that they care about and love. ""But"" they dnt get time to be with them, because they are always on the computer. The computer shouldn't take you away from you outdoor life. Okay, so what you can talk fo your friend and family over the computer. It's never like seeing them in person. Go outside and have fun and happy memories with your family. Because the computer is just words being texted. It's nothing like being said. I garrented you that. If you spend time with youre family then you will want to do it again. While your going out excersise and be interacting. In conclusion, if you are allways on the compute that's not good. Just take a few hours out of the day and ecersise. Go out and have a marvelous day. Because the computer doesn't do nothing but make you lazirer (@CAPS1 YOU). If your allways on the computer just be sure that you get your ecersise and your time with your family. It will make your a better person!"	3	5	8
35	"To whom it @MONTH1 concern, I think computers are a good thing. It is good because you get to learn about forein places. Keep in touch with family and friends and it is good entertainment. First, computers are great to learn about forein places. On the computers you could research a place and look at pictures before you go. If I wanted to go to a far away place like @LOCATION3. I would go on the computer and find the best part to go to and I would look at different hotels to stay at the reviews it has gotten. Aslo, if someone were to do a paper on a different country or even state that they've never been to they would go on the computer. Sure, you can get the same info from books but you can filter out what you don't need on the computer. In my history calss, I had to do a report on the state of @LOCATION2. I have never been there so I want on the computer. Books could have given me the same info but computers are always up to date and accurate. Seecond, computers help you keep in touch with family and friends. There are numerous websites that allow you to share photos and talk to friends or family. I recently signed up for facebook and I am able to talk to friends instead of using mytexts and running over the phone bill every mont. My dad has a facebook too, he talks to people he hesn't seen since he moved heve from the @LOCATION1 white mountains. Some other sites are aim, aol, and myspace. Lastly computers are good entertainment. Computers allow you to see that concert you didn't go to or that movie that's never on tv. When I went to a skate board demo at skate lair I had tons of fun. The other day though, I started thinking about it. I went on youtube and type in""nike sb skate lair demo"" and clicked on it. i watched it and about halfway through it I saw my face! i was so exited. Computer also allow you to check the news and weather. This is good because if you are on the road and you want to see what's going on you can take out a laptop and checked the weather or news. That is why I think computers are necessary. Yes people do stay on four hours at a time but most people only go on for a small amount."	4	5	9
36	"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2 people believe that the negatives of computers out weigh the positives. I believe that computers help as much more than hurt. There are a few minor instances where computers have hurt people, but @CAPS2 more instances where they have helped @CAPS2 people. There are some cases that a victim of an accident recovers with the help of computers. Likewise there are other times that close family or friends can talk to each other over the @CAPS3. Also, people could learn about amazing places. Thus computers are very vital to us. Computers are vital to us because they help our reflexes. In my experience as a computer engineer. I have learned that playing or using a computer call help victims of reflex damaging accidents. A computer helps the victim by giving them a better feel on their environment. The victem could see exactaly what he is doing and so could his and doctors. Like wise to the physical treatment, computers an relief. Thus the patient gets stronger physically and mentaly. Thus, computers help a humans life be enchacing their reflexes. Likewise to help our reflexes, computers with the @CAPS3 would help people that are distance apart could connect. One of the ways people very far away connect is with soldiers and their families. Back in my military days, nothing helped better than talking. The easiest way of this was talking over. It gave me a gigantic. Thus computers are vital to as humans. Likewise, computers help us see places that are amazing. For example, when a @NUM1 year-old boy visits a website that talks about the wonders of the @LOCATION1 rain forest. He then tells his science class, who the spread the word of preservation of the forest. The boy then grows up to be an explorer of the @LOCATION1, finding new speceses. All this would happen because he was on a computers. Computers help us see the unseen. In the end, computers are great if used in regulation. They help victims heal, soldiers connect and inspire the youth, Computers are vital source of knowledge and advancement for humans."	5	5	10
37	"I think that it is fine that people spend a lot of time on the computer instead of having time to exercise, enjoy nature and interact with family and friends because it is the persons choice to either stay on the computer all day or go outside. Computers affect peoples lives in good ways and bad ways. People stay inside all day and do nothing besides sit there and just click buttons. Good ways is that it educates you in many ways because @CAPS1 your on the computer watching or reading interesting things you could end up learning something before you learn it in school. Its good to go on the computer for a little a bit but @CAPS1 your on it all day then you could have no exercise and become lazy and fat. But @CAPS1 you go outside sometimes you wont have to worry because you are getting exercise that helps out your body. I think computers are a great way to have fun. You can chat with your friends, @CAPS1 you have a webcam you can video chat with friends. A cmputer is a great way for communication. Millions of people use a computer for working at their @CAPS2. Without computers life would be ten times harder for people in this world. People like accountants use computer for there job. They store data into the computer to remember things @CAPS1 you couldn't write it down on a piece of paper, People also make websites on the internet to help educate, like @CAPS1 you type in a word it could give you a definition, People also make @CAPS4 engines, @CAPS4 engines are some engine on a website that searches for things you type in. @CAPS1 you type in something you will get what you were looking for. My whole point of explaining this is that its the peoples choice @CAPS1 they would like to be on all the time. Because computers and internet connections arn't free. It doesn't even do anything bad to your brain. It mostly educates it. People even go to school online they learn and study on things that are on the internet. Plus you could get @CAPS2 at places for working with computers, You could make programs, and anything you would want. So my statement here is that its okay to spend alot of time on your computer instead of exercizing going to see friends and family and enjoy nature. I think that computers are fine and it doesn't matter how long your on it, it just depends @CAPS1 your learning and not playing games all day and being lazy and get fat."	4	5	9
38	"In my opinion i think computers have a positive effect on people. Computers allow you to communicate will people from anywhere in the world. You can learn about different places much faster than you would if you read a book. Also many more jobs want people with computer skills. It is also fun and educational. Can you imagine how much harder it would be to communicate with someone who lives in, lets say @LOCATION1. It would be a lot harder, dont you think? Well thanks to computers it is as easy as turning on your computer. Many teachers enjoy doing activities with penpals. That would be a lot harder if you had to write letters. It would also cost a lot more money to call. Also, if you were looking for specific information about florida it is alot easier on a computer. You just type in what it is you are looking for, rather than reading through tons of books, in which case you might not even find what you are looking for. Also the computer has millions of iinformation. The computer also has various pictures which is also good. Another good reason is that many more jobs these days want to hire someone who knows how to work with computers. You can do a lot more things on a computer that you cant do on a piece of paper. For example make animated movies and video games. These things have evolved over the years thanks to computers. Finally my last reason, its not only educational its also fun. Sure you can research information and do you rhomework on the computer, but you can also play games. Computers can do all sorts of different things. Computers can be programed to have simulations for jobs like policemen ambulance drivers, and doctors. These are all things that save lives. That is why i think computers have a positive effect on people. Without computers our country probably wouldn't be as evolved as it is today."	4	4	8
39	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 editor, I have recently seen on the channel @NUM1 news that you want to know about the. Computers have on people. In the past, everyone has computers and gets knowledge from them. @PERCENT1 of the @CAPS3 surveyed at the @CAPS3 @CAPS4 agree computers are helpful to us. In my opinion, computers have a positive effect on people. The first reason is computers teach hand eye coordination. Without this coordination, people would not survive. The users be over very quickly. The computer makes us use these muscles so we can live happily. @PERCENT1 of the @CAPS3 recently took a survey at the @CAPS3 @CAPS4, agree computers are the main source of hand eye coordination. Dr. @DR1 expert in relationship to humans said, ""People without computers cant do what others can. They are unable to have fast reaction time."" To sum it up computers help with hand eye coordination. The second reason is computers allow us to learn about far away places. when you can't look up and learn about places, you are not about them. You're lucky if you know when in the world they are. Computers allow you to look up those places. You can look into going there for vacation or doing a report. @PERCENT2 of the adults who surveyed at the public library said the computers help. They are full of so much more information than books. To sum it up, computers allow you to learn about far away places. The third reason is computers allow you to talk online to people. This extends your friend ships with people. You can talk on the computer, not just at school. It also allows you meet new and different people. You can talk to people in @LOCATION1 that you couldn't talk to without computers. Computers allow you to open up the to all people. @PERCENT1 of parents who took a poll in @ORGANIZATION1 say they want their children to learn about different cultures. They need the computer for that task. To sum it up, computers allow you to talk online to people. In conclusion, computers have a positive effect on people. The reasons are to teach hand eye coordination, learn about faraway places, and talk to people online. I strongly urge you to look at any point of view closely. This decision is now up to you. "	4	4	8
40	"Dear Newspaper, I have been reading about the debate about computers. People say that computers are teaching important skills. Others are saying that, ""People are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising."" @CAPS1, I think that people should be able to use computers (I mean they were ment to help us anyway) @CAPS2 think how much computers have helped the @CAPS3 race, from talking to friends/family in other countries too looking at what time the plane leaves to @LOCATION1. It is said that more one million people and up use there computer more than once a day. Without the compuuter there is no worldwide web witch is connected to everything in this world. Without computers you wouldn't be able to controll any robotic or wich will give more jobs but the cost of food to will go of tramendisly without computers the equipment wouldnt work in hospitals computers can save life they store important information we would have to go back into the dark ages with typewriters again. Another big issue is that people are over useing the computer. Once you learn to moderate the useige of your computer that wont be a problem. Some people say computers cost too much. There are ways to pot so called ""down payments"" on computers, something like a but you pay each month and setting up internet is easy as @NUM1. So, yes there are good and bad things talked about computers but without them we wouldn't have a modern era. Then controll the robot that makes your to the that saves lifes so with all this said I would lie to say thanks or listening and go computers!"	5	4	9
41	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 people owner either computers or laptops. They both do the same things. These electronics are famminal. They can help you do a lot of things that others @MONTH1 not. These @MONTH1 help you find long lost sibling or whom ever you @MONTH1 want to find. Computers @MONTH1 also get you hurt or @CAPS4 if you buy on be careful. I went to find my brother I left when I do it my mother's house"" cried the woman. That is a job for a computer. @CAPS3 websites accessable threw a computer @MONTH1 help you do this, such as facebook, myspace and This can effect yours and @CAPS3 mores. This can turn your life around inna heartbeat. It can make what any seam a hard time into a good just by finding your loved one. Computers with @CAPS3 risk. You can try to pay your bills online and send your money to the wrong websites. That can get you identity stolen. You can also put all your information online and you @MONTH1 not think a lot of when they really do. You can put your fone number, address and manymore and people @MONTH1 contact you act like someone else and @MONTH1 you or even kill you. @CAPS3 people thinks it very but it isn't, @CAPS4 watch out what yo do. The computer a big problem on why the is @CAPS4 @CAPS3 people don't like to go out to buy stuff anymore, they rather just go on the computer and shop. That is one reason why you begun to be way to You @MONTH1 go @MONTH1 just stay home and just play games online. @CAPS4 @CAPS3 more american on you do both just be lazy. At the everyhting it's your computers a useful @CAPS4 do pros not the"	4	4	8
42	"@ORGANIZATION1, I believe that we should tell the people of @LOCATION1 about the dangers of using computers too much. For example people who use the computer constently spend less time doing anything else in general. Also the longer you stay on the more you use it, and this habit forms a addiction, which might be hard to break. Finally people who always play video games on computers begin to lose terms of reality. Computers are turning this nation into a bunch of mindless slothes. If you have children, what do you think they do most of their lives. Maybe their going outside and getting exercise, or their brains could be getting sucked into a computer screen. Most kids by the age of @NUM1 have already used a computer for over @NUM2 hour. This shows that kids spend more time using the computer then anything else. I had a friend named @CAPS1 who used the computer @NUM3 and eventually he was so weak and scrawny from lack of exercise that you could snap his arm like a twig. Please, if you don't want your kids to be like @CAPS1, tell them to get up and go play outside. You probably think that using your computer everyday couldn't form an addiction, but computers can be as addictive as drugs. Scientest have found that using the computer everyday for one hour can be enough to form a addiction. In fact if we could scan people to find addiction @PERCENT1 of the @LOCATION2 population would be addicted to computers. This means that @NUM4 years from now the world addiction to computers could be at @PERCENT2 or greater. Do you want to live in a world where almost everyone uses their computers @NUM3, I don't. Video games are one of the greatest advances in computer technology but also one of the deadliest. If you have a computer you will have video games. Small dosages can be fine, but non-stop playing can lead to serious problems. Because of the fantesy content people might start to lose sight of reality. For example, scientest tested a video game on kids, and now @PERCENT1 believe in zombies. Now they cannot ever play the game for it might cause serious brain damage. Just to make sure you get my point, let us recap. More computer means lack of exercise and social interaction, you can easily be addicted, and you can lose your sense of realness. I that you don't want to see you or your kids brillant brains turned to mush by computers."	5	4	9
43	"Wouldn't you agree that computers have a great affect on people. The three reason why they have a good affect on people is because, it gives you good typing skills, its educational, and it helps you out with alot of things. The first reason why computers have a good affect on people is because computers help your typing skills. If you have a computer you will soon learn that your typing skills get very good. Each time you use the computer your hands ajust to the keys on the computer. Say if there is someone that wants to work with computers when they get older, well if they practice their typing on their computers at home they will be eligible for the job working with computers. Also computers could be good for the hearing impared. If the hearing impared use to the computers then they can get a @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 and chat with people online. This would be useful to them because since they could not hear what people say they can read what people say through the internet. Another reason why computers have a good affect on people is because they are very educational. In my opinion, computers are very educational because there are alot of websites that teach you facts about different places. For example, what food people eat in different countrys, or where that country is. A website that is the best for finding out accurate facts is www.Ask.com. Ask.com is the best website because it tells you what ever you want to know in a matter of seconds. Computers are also educational when it comes to school projects because of these amazing websites. The last reason why computers have a affect on people is because they help you with alot of things. They help you with alot of things because if you want to know how far @LOCATION2 is from @LOCATION1 then you can go on your pc and find out, or say that you lost the directions to your friends house and your on your way to their house if you brought your labtop you can go on the labtap and find where her house is from your labtop. I know your probably thinking there is such thing as a gps, well if you think about it gps's can be confusing, but your computer reads it out to you. Know your probably saying in your heads why don't you text/call @CAPS3/@CAPS4 if you think about it what if your friend does not talk clearly. In conclusion, wouldn't you agree that computers do have good effects on people. My three arguments are, they help your typing skill educational. They help you with things. please take my ideas into consideration."	4	5	9
44	"The advancements of technology has developed so much that it has become comenly known to us as a normal house hold such as we use it every day at work, home, schools, bussneses it has become a comen used item in the everyday life. Emails, researching, questions on the world around us. It is required at almost every job application and at school and every thing in between. It's the - @DATE1 - complete age. Computers are and every day thing such as email how thats something that I dont worry about that and also there used to file a tax return. Also it is used to make reports up for people. Computers have also become a comen used thing such as school that we use them for reports, studies, and some home work. Also buiseness use it to comunicate with corprat @LOCATION1 uses a wide stance of technoligy they rec got a whole bunch of apples. Last. Computers are required at most jobs, and @CAPS1 going to list a few state, schools, military defence, jobs for on missles A and thier satlelite communication shut dwn on all comunications cell phones one those plaines that if it the twin towers nitro in atrack, tracking the truck where it gose and the rest I know about computers is classifieded. And this is why computers are needed in this society to use every day and thier comenly used and that are requirded."	4	4	8
45	"Imagine our beautiful town filled with unhealthy, lazy, noninteracting and addicted people. The issue to grapple with is should you the local people, spend more time on computers or not, I believe @PERCENT1 that we should not spend all of our time on computers. It can ruin your eye sight, you don't enjoy nature while interacting with people, and most importantly it make you very unhealthy. Can you picture @CAPS1 person in your town blind and having glasses or even going to the @CAPS1 @DATE1? Just ask eye @PERSON1,"" @CAPS1 year I get and more people coming to the eye doctors. You might say that it is good for me but it is not good for you. When you are always on the computer it erodes you eye-sight over time. ""@CAPS2, many people wear glasses now more then ever. @DATE1 @DATE1 in the local newspaper, they had a chart that showed how many people ruined their eyesight over the years from computers. It went up almost @PERCENT2 from @DATE1 year and @PERCENT3 from the year before. Almost everyone that has a computer and is addicted to it has glasses. Have you looked outside lately? Have you notice that @DATE2 is coming and there is leaves on the tree now? If you were one of the people that is glued to the monitor of your computer then I doubt you were. Computers and technology ruin your time with your family. Many jobs on the computer how out it isn't a @NUM1 job. In that time you could be spending time with your precious little girl or even the best friend out side in nature having fun. @DATE1 year I wanted to play catch with my dad, but was on his old computer doing what he does. I didn't want to play alone so I just stayed inside and went on my computer for the day. Do you want that to happen to @CAPS1 person, everyday I wouldn't. Yes, people would rather be a couch potatoe and chat online, eating a bug of a million junk food chips instead of going out and interacting while slaying fit, but now it is important that you do. Just picture lazy, obese. People sitting on their couch all day with their eyes blood from stearing at the monitor for hours. But why do you than you @MONTH1 ask, it is because they never some outside. They never go for a jog or eat healthy foods. That is very unhealthy and can higher your chances of getting different cancers. Just ask @PERSON2 from the hospital,"" @DATE1 one guy was rushed to the hospital because of a very common cancer that you get from unhealthy living, he passed away @NUM2 days later. It was very sad."" I strongly believe that being on the computer to long is a very bad idea. It can ruin you eye-sight, you never get to see nature and interact. But most importantly, it is very unhealthy. It is now or never, You would never know if you can be that man in the hospital with that cancer. The issue to grapple with is should you take that risk or stay fit, healthy and happy? So take a joy, eat a healthy, snack, and limit your time on the computer."	5	4	9
46	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 a world where no information could be saved for the whole world to observe a place with no communication with loved ones or friends; or a life with no possible way of learning of catastrophe's on the other end of the earth. Clearly, a life without computers is utter chaos. Computers provide education, and stay in contact with friends and family I'm sure our world greatly benifits from this mericle. Medicine, @CAPS4, @CAPS5 constructing and revolutionizing our life has been made possible by computers. @PERSON1 is an old family friend of mine. He was one of the few people who was working on going to the moon for the very first time. They were astonished with what thier astronauts saw. But computers made the expirience a reality. @PERSON1 remembered recieving some of the first footage of he moon on to his computer, before the photographs and video are released to the public. However, @PERSON1 is not the only person who agrees. Johnson, a principal from a private school in @LOCATION1, after winning an award for best school in @LOCATION1 states @PERCENT1 of our education comes from the computers. We make our students come involved in technology. These are the people who progress to make the best medicine cars and computers. Our students all are benificial to our world today."" @CAPS6 settle for anything less for our childrens' education? In the middle of trajedy; faced with a difficult decision; or even just lonely, longing for someone to count on; who do you turn go first? Your loved ones they are always there for you when you need them. Now because of our access to computers whether accross the world or just the other end of the block. We will always be in contact with the ones we love. @PERSON2, my friend, found out her aunt diagnosed last year with cancer. However, she was in a boarding school in @LOCATION2 while her aunt needed her support. Instead, she was with her every step on webcam, emailing and @CAPS7. She could even contact her doctors to see her condition after. Her aunt conquered cancer with her neice and is living happily. With only a @NUM1 chance of living, @PERSON2 gave her the support she needed through most difficult @CAPS2. Not only did see the positive effects of staying in contact. Marcos a family therapist says @NUM2 of happy families stay in contact after seperating through internet."" @CAPS8 could anyone, ever leave those who you care most about behind? @CAPS3 a world with a full education, for our children to take advantage of and a place where we can stay with each other all the time. Thats the world we we live in."	5	5	10
47	"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 you have a computer at home? Right now, more than @PERCENT1 of the people have at least one or more computers at home. Computers are common by now, but people argue rather they are really needed on our society. Computers give negative effects on people, for example, lose eye sight, interacting with strangers online and lack of outdoor exercise. One out of five people wear glasses or contacts, these days. the rate of people wearing glasses are increasing rapidly as well. Children and adults are spending too much time on the computer, which causes to lose eye sight. When people use too much computers, their eyes start to hurt and lead to a headaches as well. These are sign of spending too much time, but people tend to ignore it because they want to get work done, or simply addicted to the online video games. this shows that computers give terrible effects on society. When a person is on the internet, there is no limitation to him or her. Once a person is online, there are endless amounts of site to access on that are not always trusted. Online, where anyone can go on, there are millions of people that are not connected or related. In other words, strangers, interacting with people they don't know is very dangerous. They can have devastating influence, no supremacy, what so ever unless they are a teacher of same sort. Unfortunatly, people can not trust anyone online because they don't know who it exactly is. For example facebook. People think they are private, but everything that is uploaded or posted is public. Also others will be able to view your profile even they are not friends with that person. this is not safe in any way. The rate of people getting addicted on the internet is increasing as well. These people tend to not go outside at all and stay home. These people get not enough exercises, which are very unhealthy they tend to get their meals done at fast foods which are unhealthy as well. For the reason, people on the computers get fat from the unbalanced meal and never interact with people outside and nature outside. In conclusion, computers have negative effects on society because, they increase the number of people wearing glasses and losing eye sight. Second, they are creating a unsafe environment. last it makes people have unbalanced meals and lose track of their diet. "	4	4	8
48	"Dear @PERSON1, @CAPS1 you know that @PERCENT1 of @CAPS2 spend to much time on their computers. I belive people should spend more time outside with their family. This can certainly lead to brain problems, hard time seeing and the biggest thing is death. First of all there are people with brain problems because they are on the computer to much. When they are out with their family they think of their computer. People stay on their computer for a non-stop amount of time. In a resent survey it showed that teenagers stay on the computers the most. Most people don't have a life outside their computer room. Most of all eye doctors have been getting call from parents. They are worried that their child/children have a hard time seeing. I interviewed an eye doctor and this is what he had to say, ""I had one child come into @CAPS3 office and he had the hardest time seeing"". He asked the kids mother why is he having a hard time seeing and she said, ""@CAPS3 son spends on average of three and a half hours on the computer."" The child had to get a pair of special glasses so that he could see better. These glasses aare really expensive. I have read about children and adults deing from using the computer to much. They have fried their brain from using the computer to much. Their brain tells them to do things that are illegal. For example: breaking in homes, killing people, and high sacking cars. I heard one kid used the computer to much that he started to kill people and got shot by a cop. The more people die from using the computer to much the higher the death toll will be. It is now or never @CAPS3 friends out there to work together on cutting down on how much we use the computer. I'm sure that no one wants to be part of the death toll until we really have to. It is time to go outside and have fun with your family. They miss spending time with you. So get off your butt and go outside. But wait, make sure you trun your computer off so that you are not temted to go back on it."	4	4	8
49	"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 the men and women who write everyday for a living, I would like @CAPS2 you were to write rection on computers. They teach @LOCATION3 faraway places, help build hand-eye coordination, and let @LOCATION3 talk online. Computers are part of everyday life and needs to be told about. First, computer let @LOCATION3 learn about faraway places without leaving the rooms. One of my mom's friends, They decide to move to @LOCATION2 she didn't like computer so didn't look at @LOCATION2's laws saying, I'll find out when I got there. ""@CAPS2 did find out the laws she didn't find enough cause cause she was arrested multiple times in her first few years. A few monthes after her last arrest she came back to the @LOCATION3 where she could deal with the laws. @LOCATION2 is a buetifull country and all of arrests were accidents because she didn't know the laws. Ten minutes on computer searching the laws in @LOCATION2 could have kept her in @LOCATION1. Next, comptures improve hand-eye coordination. From a survey @PERCENT1 of children that spend more time on computers are better at tennis, and at baseball then others. @PERSON3, a gym teacher at the @ORGANIZATION2 says, ""@CAPS3 of these kids that spend time on the compture are weak and need to get some exercise.Dear local newpaper: @CAPS1 you being the local newspaper, you have the power to say how you feel about the effects computers give to people. I believe that computers give great effects to people because it teaches hand-eye coordination, gives people the ability to learn about far away places, and it allows you to talk to people. In all, @PERCENT2 of people agree with my idea about computers. Firstly, using computers teaches people about hand-eye coordination. For example, my grandmother told me that she knows how to use her hands and eyes well because of using the computer. This is because she types and researches information all day long. In all, computers are designed to help your eyes and hands to focus more. Secondly, computers have a lot of interesting information on faraway places. @PERSON2 from @ORGANIZATION1 quotes, ""I always use computers for my work because it helps me learn about many new things. @CAPS5, it lets my wife and I search details about a trip we want to go on."" @CAPS5, the people agree with what @PERSON2 stated. However, people @MONTH1 say that computers give the wrong information many times, but @CAPS2 you find a wonderful website, it will never lie to you. Thirly, @CAPS2 you use computers it will let you talk online or video chat with friends or family all over the world. How this benefits you is because @CAPS2 you have not seen your relatives in ages and you cannot buy a ticket to visit them, then video chat. It has gotten people so much closer and you see the world in a whole different way. @CAPS5, instead of wasting all your cell phone minutes, go buy a laptop or computer with a camera on it so you can video chat. Lastly, taking to people and being active in other peoples life is important. In conclusion, you will have great eye coordination, you will be able to research faraway places, and you will always be allowed to video chat or talk to family online. @CAPS5, I want you to tell the whole world that computers are useful and people use them everyday without a problem. Lastly, you will have the best feeling ever @CAPS2 you make everyone smile by knowing you believe that spending time on the computer can teach you a lot! From so many students having greater hand-eye cooridination they will enjoy what their good at like tennis. @PERSON1, a professor of the human body at @ORGANIZATION1 states ""Technology helps hand-eye. Many who use computers more than others to be greater at @CAPS6 @CAPS7 and games along those lines."" This shows how hand-eye and exercise is linked to computer. Furthermore, computers help @LOCATION3 talk with other people. When a child goes to college they will still be able to email their famlies and talk to them. Talking with others by computers makes the world go round. World business need computers to contact eachother to decuss plans on how to move toward economicly. Lastly, computers are useful and should be useful more. They teach @LOCATION3 of faraway places, improve hand-eye coordnation, and let @LOCATION3 talk to other people. @CAPS2 an article is made to show the pros or computers, more people will experience the wonders of them."	5	5	10
50	"Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1 do @CAPS5 do when @CAPS5 need to write a report? Or talk to a buisness partner, friend, or family? @CAPS3 computers help us do all of that. The eletronic wonder improves are lives everyday. Yet some people refuse to accept computers are now apart of every day life. Computers help us communicate, research different topics, and have just plain fun things to do. Computers make it easy to communicate. Things like ""@CAPS2"" and ""facebook"" let us talk with each other. Some @MONTH1 contest ""@CAPS3, use a phone or go out."" @CAPS1 if they're away on a trip, or live thousands of miles away? With computers everything is easier. Computers allow us to reserch topics @CAPS5 need for classes or work. ""@CAPS5 can get alot of detailed information from thousands of sites. Sceptics might ask the question ""@CAPS6 not go to a library."" Some of us might prefer to stay at home. Another reason is, that it maybe snowy, or the library is closed. @CAPS1 ever the reason, computers make reserch fast and easy. Computers also fulfill a great need to entertain ourselfs. Games sites like ""facebook"" have become very popular. They can provide us with emotional release from the everyday world. A pontential argument might you ""@CAPS6 go outside?"" The weather could for bad and your sick. Computers are fun, education and a communication wonder. should find the good in computers and @CAPS1 they could do for there."	4	4	8
51	"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1! Get off that computer it is @TIME1. But mom I don’t want to im in the middle of a game. Does that conbersation sound familiar? Of course it does. Every kid likes to play on the computer. However, noticing your kid being on the computer @NUM1 is not a good thing. In this matter experts are definatley @PERCENT1 right because kids and adults are spending too much time on the computer. These people can do other things like excersising more, enjoying nature, and interacting with friends and family. Spending too much time on the computer is not healthy. On the other hand, if someone kicks you of the computer you can always get that six pack you wanted. There are three main things that can get you in shape. First, taking a light run every night on your community track can get your legs from being fatigued every time you walk up the stairs to having your legs be firm and able to run lap after lap just for a warm up. Every years my dad takes me to the track in @DATE1 and times me for @NUM2 and @NUM3 yard dash, the @NUM4 meter, and the mile. Between the months I train all the way up to @DATE2 then my dad does another assment. I do this training because I play baseball. Weight lifting is another way to get in shape. Some basic excersises are bench pressing, squating, and dumbell curles. There are more challenging excersise but I won't go into that. Once you feel like your in shape, take all of that trainign and put it into a sport. Excersising is not the only thing you can do. Enjoying nature is another option. Just go outside if someone kicks you off your computer. Absoarb everything about the nature. From the squirrls to the tress. If you are in the winter enjoy the snow instedid of being inside @NUM1 playing computer games. But, if that doesn't work out for you then hangout with your family. Hanging out with your family can be thing you can do. Gather your family and plan a trip. You can go to a baseball game, park, or movies anything that will get you away from that computer. That is my opinion why I think people should get excersise, enjoy nature, and spend time with their families insted of being on the computer @NUM1."	4	4	8
52	"What do you think about computers? I think computers have a very positive effect on people. All kids should have @NUM1. Please heed the following advice. Computers are a very good thing for kids to have. I teaches them life skills such as hand-eye coordination, a lot about technology. Expert @PERSON1 states ""@PERCENT1 of success full jobs involve some kind of inter-ation with computers, & if they learn those skills at an early age they can soon become experts."" Technology is a @CAPS1 part of life today, & will continue increasing with the years. It's a grevious idea to want to separate our kids from technology. As a child, my sister grew up with computers, she knew how to fully use it by age @NUM2, she went to collage with amazing computer skills. Today she works in a law ferm as presidental secretary. She gets paid loads of money. Today she trys to get me to learn about all tech stuff. If you have kids you know you only want the best in their present & future. People say kids are the future, not if theyre not succesfull. Computers are a great way for kids of all ages to learn & communicate with @NUM1 another & others. We all want our kids to be happy. @NUM4 out @NUM5 kids use the internet to research things for @CAPS2 & projects. Kid therapist @PERSON2 says ""kid who chat, with other kids though internet like facebook, @CAPS3, & myspace are normaly more socialy interactive with other kids. I know you thinking there a lot of ""@CAPS4"" thing on the internet dont want my kids to see, conversly you can set limits & child block. & you also dont want you kids at risk of obesity because of lack of excercise. So give them time limits. My cousins each go on the computer @NUM6 hours a day. They do @CAPS2 & whatever time they have left they chat with friends. Its not all @CAPS4. As you can see computers can be seen in a very possotive manner. Heed my advice & allow your kids the freedom of internet. They will be happier, trust me."	5	4	9
53	"Dear @CAPS1 @PERSON1, Computers have helped us in many ways. Computers have helped children and adults learn, increased the amount of jobs and computers have helped law enforcement as well. Yes, i, agree some people do spend too much time on these machines, but that doesn't mean they haven't helped us. Computers help children and adults learn so much. Children can use their computer to re-search homework they're doing or even just research thing for fun. Most adults have been through school and are educated but computers help them make discoveries about space, the human body, etc. So not only are computers teaching children, but they're part of making new discoveries that need to be taught to children. Right now our economy is not doing to well. A ton of people are out of jobs and can't support their families. But imagine how many more people would be out of work if we didn't have computers. @PERCENT1 of our society works with computers. An that means @PERCENT1 of the people won't have jobs. Computers not only give us knowledge but they give over half us catch the members of society that do wrong. Computers have helped catch law enforcement for a little bit more than @NUM1 years. Yes, crime has gone up in the past years, but computers have helped us catch criminals. Computers store massive amounts of data, which means we can story already arrested criminal's finger prints, pictures, @CAPS2, previous record, etc. to help us catch criminals. So yes computers have helped us in more ways than one. Computers have helped children and adults learn, increased the amount of jobs, and helped law enforcement. Even if people spend too much time on thse machines, it's their decision and look how much computers have helped us. Make the right decision let out technology continue to edvance."	4	5	9
54	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 you know that @NUM1 out of @NUM2 students in @NUM3 grade go on the computer each night to complete homework and to connect with friends and family? I think the effects computers have on people are beneficial for everyone who uses one. A computer can be used for communication, education, and for accessing important information quickly, such as the local news. Now, let me tell you why computers are good for communication. When I was in elementary school, I had a friend who I was very close to and a part of his life. Unfortunately, he had to move away. But I still wanted to continue to be friends and communicate with him every once in a while. A convenient way to do this was by using a computer. The computer allows you to easily contact an old friend so that you can @CAPS5 stay in touch. Different types of communication on the computer can be e-mail, instant-messaging, video chat, online chat groups...etc. This helps people stay connected. That's why I think communication is the biggest effect on people due to the use of a computer. But, a computer can also be used for learning. At school or work, both kids and adults need access to the right information about research projects, vacation spots, learning about animals, food, cultures, and sometimes things as complicated as scientific chemicals. For example when my class researched different things about the @CAPS3 @CAPS4, our main source of infromation was the internet on our computers. We researched the customs, the foods, the way of dressing, the traditional holidays, and their way of entertainment. Also, kids come home from school and upload their essay and continue to type it. This is teaching them hand-eye coordiantion, and how to type. The computer is not @CAPS5 used for just communication. It's a good way to educate everyone although the internet can be used to pass along important local and global information. ""@CAPS6 and adults often check their e-mail and homepage everyday for the latest news on other countries, our country, the government, and the economy, ""says expert @PERSON1. I think that the internet gives citizens a fast and easy way to access information about what's going on in our town, state, country, and world. For example, it can tell us about the series of shootings goiong on throughout @LOCATION1 or the many house robberies in our town. Us, @CAPS7 citizens, wnt to know everything... for us to stay safe and notified on the latest. Another example is that I logged on the computer three dats ago and it notified me about the earthquake in @LOCATION2. But there are so many benefits of a computer. The effects computers have on people are beneficial. It allows people to stay in touch, learn about places and people, and to stay up to date with the latest local and global news. I think you should take my ideas into consideration and publish them for everyone."	6	5	11
55	"Dear local newspaper, I believe that computers are effecting the lives of many people. More and more people keep getting sucked into the amazing things that computers can do and forget all about the other more important things in life. People should be exercising, and hanging out with friends and family, computers dont even teach you that much if you really think about it. People don't even realize that computers can take away very important things in life. Fore istance, people aren't getting nearly as much exercise as they need. In this generation, more kids are overweight and obese that any other other generation. People get so caught up in what they are doing on the computer that they forget to exercise each day, or at least every other day. Computers just add to list of excuses not to do anything. People already spend way to much time watching t.v. It rots your brain and studies acually show that people are less aware and less connected to the world and the people around them. Computers are the same as t.v.'s, you say that your just going to be an for a minute and then next thing you know @NUM1 hours have already gone by. Computers @MONTH1 be exercising your brain, but they're not exercing you and that's what really counts. Even if you were on the computer doing research for a school project, the computer still wouldn't help you. Most people don't have the time to run out to the library to get the books that they need, so they just resort to the computer. That isn't the smartest idea because half of the websites that you click on or go to don't even have the correct information. You might look at it and read it, and even if it sounds good to you, that doesn't mean that it's right. Next thing you know, you have a @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 on an assignment that the thought you aced. On top of getting false information, most people don't even know where to look to get the information that they're looking for. People just type what they are looking for into the google search box and press enter. Then they just click on the first link that they see and use the information that is right on the page. Then all of these different windows are popping up and you are far from where you were. People then just give up and start goofing off on the computer because they don't feel like trying to get back to that page. If people just went to the library and did research the old fashion way, then they would stop to notice all the things in life that they are missing out on. People should be focusing on family and friends rather than playing games on the computer. Sure you can talk to people on the computer but you can't bond with them or really see what they are feeling. It's better to invite them over and have some fun playing board games or just talking in person for a change. Even if your spending time with your family or friends you're probebly thinking about the computer the whole time that they are there, so go out and do something for change, a little fresh air wouldn't kill you. You should go to an amusement park, ride some rides with your cousins, do something that will keep your mind off the computer. People don't realize it, but after spending so much time with your family, rather than your computer, you will acually notice what you have been missing out on for so long. As you can see, computers aren't helping anyone. It's either not exercing, getting false information, or not spending time with your own family! Seems to me that having computers around isn't everything that it's cracked up to be."	5	4	9
56	"Dear sir, I belive that computers are great for society. There are lots of benefits to having a computer to use. You can talk to people online with instant message, it is a lot more dependable than a telephone or cell phones. Lots of time people don't answer thhe phone when you need them. With a computer you can send a message from the computer to the persons cellular device. You can lern a lot from a computer, suc as things about the world, people around the world, yo can lern things from the internet youre teacher can't even teach you. Then you can study and expand youre knolage. It is a problem if your on the computer more than you exersize but with techology today you can get exersize wile useing a computer. You can play music from it while you workout, of what moivie while running on a tredmill. Even though people go on the computer to much ways to exersize and use the computer at the same time. So there is ups and downs but in the end, it dosen't matter how much you use the computer, you can get exersize at the same time thats why I think it is a benifits to have computers today."	3	3	6
57	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3: @CAPS4 people are skeptic on whether or not computers benefit people. I strongly believe that computers do indeed benefit humanity for it allows people to talk online with loved ones and friends across the globe, and learn about those foreign places. Computers don't take away from lifes, but shows it through fascinating synthetics. Computers allow people of all ages to interact with others over the world-wide web. Sometimes it's better to meet with people in person, but that isn't always the case. What @CAPS5 you have relatives or friends in a different country? The internet is the best way to contact those people. Also, what @CAPS5 you are in a band or a group, and need to contact them while you are out of town? Social sites like facebook or myspace allow the group members to talk and discuss matters at the hotel or wherever he @MONTH1 be. In addition to both of these reasons, students can obtain missing work and email the teacher from his household. This allows the pupil to obtain his lesson and catch up on anything he or she has missed. The technological breakthrough of the @DATE1 known as computers allow interaction with other people as well as learn of distant lands. @CAPS4 people including myself, want some culture in their lives, and wander about this lively planet we call earth and find out whats out there, but can not acheive said goal. The computer saves us time and money to do these things. All we have to do is open a search bar, type in a word, and boom, we are looking at @LOCATION2, @LOCATION3, or even the fields of @LOCATION1. Any place you want is at your. In addition to this, @CAPS5 a new tourist attraction comes to be, whether it is an amusant park, a monument, or a historical find, the internet can show us this. We can see things we would be seeing @CAPS5 we were present at the place, but instead on a monitor in your home. The computer allows you to do @CAPS4 things without actually encountering their happenings. In conclusion, computers are helpful for they allow us to preform things we could not do under certain circumstances, like talking to people over the internet, or learning of foreign countries. Not everyone can do these things, but everyone who has a computer can."	5	5	10
58	"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 would a person do with out a computer? Well I think nothing because @CAPS1 if you are like me that have their family far away in another country well whith a computer you can see them throught a camara and talk to them just like if you where there. Computers just don't take your time they help you understand the menning of a family.These are many reasons why I think computers should be very important. My first reason is that they give you information about a place that you might be interested to see or know their culture. There are many people that like to explore and see new places, but they can't because maybe they just don't have time or they might have to much work. There is no exception for someone to not put their oportunities out, just because they don't have the time or a computer. My second reason is work. People like you that work in a office need information about a place that a disaster happened. You might need somenthing to see how it happen and @CAPS1 was the condition it happend. People that work in a important place need a computer because they are saving their work so they don't lose it and get fired. My third and last reason is to be organized. Being organized is very important it helps you keep a job or having everything on hand. Well computers are not just a pass of time it also makes your life easier. Many people say that they don't @CAPS1 to have to much papers; with a computer you can have all those paper in just one page that is saved by you, and only you can see it. As you @MONTH1 see many people that have computers use it in a productive way. It's not just a pass of time like people say it is. It also helps you do many stuff for your own future: not just to play around with some new friends. Well as you @MONTH1 see this are my three main reasons for keeping a computer in your house and using it in a good and productive way. "	4	4	8
59	I believe that computers benefit society. They make life easier. Computers allow now of communication between friends. They also teach you new things. Computers make our lives easier. They let us look things up by easier means than a person or book. It has made it simpler to type reports. Now you don't have to worry about making mistakes on a typewriters and having to type it again. A computer saves the report and shows you some mistakes to take case of your children. It allows you to from your home. Computers allow new means of communication. You can talk online with friends. Social networks such as @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 allow that. Computers allow you to converse with friends you don't normally get to see or talk to. They also make it easier and more fun to make new friends. Computers teach us new things. They teach you about places you haven't seen before. Any question you can be asked on the internet and you will get an answer. It gives you answer you don't know who to ask for. Computers also teach hand-eye coordination. You can play games online or with @CAPS3's. You need to have good hand-eye coordination in order to play these games. Computers have a positive effect on people of all ages. They make our lives easier with their technology. They allow us to communicate with our friends through social networks. Computers also teach us new things such as hand-eye coordination. All these reasons and more are why I believe that computers benefit our society.	4	4	8
60	"Dear Newspaper, Some people are asking others about the effects computers have on other people. Some experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. But my opinion is that the comuter is great and it does not keep people away from other activitys. First, the computer does not keep people away from other activitys because, there are @NUM1 hours in a day, and it's that persons folt if they don't get off the computer, and go do other activitys. Even though the computer has lots of things, and it is very interesting. people. Should still have the common since to get off nad go do other things, so I think it's there fult if they don't get off the computer. Also there are a lot of reasns that people don't get out and do other activitys, so why just stop computers. Secondly, the computer does not keep people away from other activitys, because there are lots of destration that keep people away from other activitys, so why blame computers. For example the television keeps people from doing other activitys, but their not talking about stop that. Also the computer teaches you about a lot of thngs, an can so you a lot of things that you don't know about and is trying to find out. For example your family's history, you could go look that up on the computer. Lastly, the computer does not keep people away from other activitys, because if people were really worried about there other activitys then they would get off the computer and go do what they had to do. For example if they had to go to the gym then they should get off the computer, and go to the gym because the computer does not make you fat, you make yourself fat, so the should be resonable enough to go to the gym, and not be on the computer all day. Also if you were going to spend time with your family the how could the computer stop you from doing that, you should already know what you need to do and I don't think the computer would make you forget things like that. So it would be the person's fult if they forget not the computers. To rap this up, computers does not keep people away from other activitys, because it's there responablity to remeber what they need to do not the computers and there are lots more destrations then computers, but it's still not computer's falty it your's."	4	4	8
61	"Dear @CAPS1, I have same questions for you and I was hoping you could answer them. I was wandering. Do you have any computers in your house, if so how many? Also, do you like using the computer? I am trying to figure out how many people don't use computers because. I want to ask them how do they survive without one!? Computers are essential to our present day lives. Everything in the world is in one computer. You can talk, email, even see people through a computer because now adays everyone has a videcam hooked onto their computer. I want to tell you all of the great things computers do not make our lives so much easier. People are always looking for a way to get in touch with someone like if your phone is dead, how are you going to tell your friend what time your going to meet at that place? You can easily just text her from the computer. You can either use your screen-name to text someone or just go on verizon, at&t, sprine... etc.com and text people from there. It would save you from standing your friend up and feeling guilty about it. Has there ever been a time where you needed number, but you couldn't find your telephone book? It sure has happened to me, but you know what I do? I go on the computer and go on yellow pages.com and just look up the restraunt/place on the website. It's as simple as that. You can look up almost anything on the computer, prices, places, facts, anything! Most of the time the true facts will always be there. Computers help you a lot if you need help on histicoral, scientific, and @CAPS2 facts. Computers help us everyday. People need them for communication, telephone numbers, or facts about anything. Most of someones life can be saved to the computer. If you have bad handwriting, then you could just type up your paper and hand it in all nice and neat. Like I said before computers are esstential to our present day lives @CAPS3 reading this, I bet you'll agree."	4	4	8
62	"Dear people, Computers have been here for not a very long time and everyday more people buy computers and everyday people use them. As they are used for entertainment, education, and talking with people faraway, they have had a negative effect on people. Let me explain. First of all, as people use computers in the beginning they enjoy it. They go on the @CAPS1, play games, and use it for work. But as they keep using it, they start to get addicted. People are addicted to computers because of the games and being able to go on the @CAPS1. In fact, @PERCENT1 of all the people in this @CAPS3 who owns a @CAPS8, is addicted to computers. That percentage is expected to grow to @PERCENT2 in the next @NUM1 years. Addiction to computers lead to serious issues. People have died because they spent too much time on the @CAPS8 without eating and sleeping. In another newspaper not long ago, it stated that a student attending @ORGANIZATION1, was dropped out for doing so poorly during school. His parent found out that he was addicted to this game ""@CAPS3 of @CAPS4."" This game is right now the most played game on the @CAPS8 in this @CAPS3. Studies state that @CAPS8 addiction is almost as bad as smoking addiction. My second reason why @CAPS8 has a negative effect on people is because of online bullying. People chat on @CAPS5, @CAPS6, @CAPS7, and email and people are bullied. A friend of mine recently was emailed with words that hurt his feeling. Online bullying is worse that inteacting bullying. That's because @CAPS9 you say something on the @CAPS8, people don't know who you are. @PERSON1, a proffesor who recently did studies of online bullying says, ""Online bullying has become more severe than contact to contact bullying. People are threatened more and hear more bad words than interacting."" The online bullying and harassment is going to get worse @CAPS9 people don't stop. Also people can get arrested for what they write online. My final reason why computers have a negative effect on people is that people spend too much time on computers and don't exercise @CAPS8 contribute about @PERCENT3 to overweight people. On the @CAPS8, everything is much easier. Instead of mailing, you could e-mail. You can listen to music instead of walking up to the radio and turning it on. You could buy tickets, shop, talk with friends, and have fun just by sitting on a @CAPS8. But this is why people become overweight and obese. @PERCENT4 of the people who use computers are obese or overweight. Peole spend less time interacting with friends and family and enjoying nature. In conclusion, computers have a negative effect on people and parents should control their child's time on the computers. Just because of a @CAPS8, many issues rise. So @CAPS9 you think you are addicted, try to make a time schedule for your whole day. Use the @CAPS8 for an hour a time and take rests before using it again. Addiction, online bullying, and becoming overweight is not the only problems of a @CAPS8, there are many more."	5	4	9
63	"Dear newspaper, In my opinion, computers definetely have a negative effect on people. People who use computers often spend less time exercising. I mean, who would give up their chatrooms and games to get in shape? I remember when i was a little girl - about @NUM1 years old, and i always wanted to be on the computer. I soon got chubby and gained about @NUM2 lbs! I quickly realized the computer is a tool used only when necessary. because it shortens activity time. A survey done by the @ORGANIZATION2 (@CAPS1) showed that @PERCENT1 of @CAPS4 between ages @NUM3 are overweight because of their computer use. Famous singer @PERSON2 says. ""I keep going and losing weight because of computers! I will gain weight and then run it off and ignore the computer for a week."" I know you might be thinking that computers dont make you obese if you use it sparingly, but research has proven that more than @NUM4 mins a day can make you gain fat. Clearly, computers are to blame for our society's weight problem. Have you ever really seen nature's beauty? People who use computers don't! I mean, people are too busy looking up things on the web that nobody can truly appreciate. the outside world. I remember when i watched the movie @CAPS2 last week, I thought to myself, ""@CAPS3, nature is amazing, why didn't I notice before?"" I already know the answer. Computer, A survey conducted by @NUM5 grade @ORGANIZATION1, @PERSON1 showed that @NUM6 out of @NUM7 @CAPS4 have never noticed the blooming flowers or the smell of fresh rain. Famous physician, @PERSON4, ""@CAPS4 that dont see nature for its true beauty often can't grow up normally. People were supposed to be naked to nature, but over the years, technology has diminished that connection."" I know you @MONTH1 that that @CAPS4 see enough of nature even with computers but more than often., @CAPS4 dont pay attention to nature. They are too busy with computers. Obviously, nature is ignored by society because of computers. Familes grow more and more detached every time a child or even adult uses a computer. I mean, every time you hit that on switch, you and the computer become attached. You can't focus on the people around you. I remember when my sister @PERSON5 was in @NUM5 grade, she never took her eyes off the computer. She would play solitore and instant message her friends all the time and she then completely disconnected with the family. A test done by @ORGANIZATION3 showed that teens will rebel @NUM9 times more than usual with the aid of a computer. Famous talk-show host, @PERSON3 says, ""@CAPS4 shouldn't use computer, they will get detached from friends and family."" I know you're thinking @CAPS4 dont get detached, but they di. Clearly @CAPS4 seperate from their friends and family because of computers. In conclusion, any far minded person can tell that computers have a negative effect on people because they consume exercise time, make @CAPS4 forget about nature, and seperate family and friends. Therefore, I urge you to not use computers!"	6	5	11
64	"Dear @CAPS1, Some people say that computers are fun, smart, and do no harm. Is that true though? Do computers make harm? Well, for one thing, I know that computers can take up! a lot of peoples time. For example, many people don't go outside as much. This is because most people are usually on their computers. What are they doing on the computer you ask; well lets, find out. There are many things a person can do on a computer. It can be fun chatting, educational or hard working. A lot of people use a computer for fun. For example, many people use the computer to chat with their friends. There are many sites to chat with friends. That can usually take up a lot of peoples time. A lot people can talk for hours on the computer and that is what takes up their time instead of going outside. Another example is the games that people are playing.To me, the computer games are one of the biggest problems. This is because a lot of the games can be to much fun, that it can be find a game and play it all the time. This can not only take up their time outside, but it can ruin their life. The game can be so addictive that kids and adults might not get their work done. That can cause failure in school or getting fired at work. On the other side though, a lot of people use a computer for work and school. Beside internet chating and computer games, many people use computers for school and at work. People type their work up or they send work to their e-mail to bring home. This is a good thing about computers, but also a bad thing. It is a good thing because now people can get their work done faster. This is a bad thing because it is another reason to stay inside.For work, people depend on computers. They save work on their and they use computers to build things. For exemple, people use a computer to program a robot. Although they use computers for a good reason people should make time for outside. A lot of people need to take breaks off the computer: because computers can do harm. This is because if they spend all their time on the computer they can get sick. Going outside, exercizing and getting fresh air is very important. So people out there, get off your computer. Stop chatting, pause your game, take a break from your work, and go outside. Enjoy the nature. Most of your day should not be on the computer. Thank you for your time. "	5	4	9
65	"@ORGANIZATION1, Are technology is advancing greately and more inventions are coming out; but aren't you worried that people spent to much time on the technology? I know @CAPS1 worried. For example computers. Computers have to technology to go online and chat with various people all around the world. Thas when I get worried. In this essay I will explain why it is bad to spent too much time on computers. it is bad because people don't execisi enjoy mothers nature, and interact with family and friends. Firstly, people are for geting how important it is to excaise. It is very important because it keeps you fit and healthy. With the computers in use people become less fit and healthy. They start getting fat theire carasaprel get high and they stress more. Secondly they don't enjoy mothersnature. When people start going on the computers they stop doing a lot of things. Like stop going outside and getting fresh air. They get c losed in a small bubble and all they case about is the computers. They don't go out to camp, play outside; they don't do nothing. Every day they are on the computer. Finaly, one big main problem is: they stop inter acting with family and friends. When mothers and fathers are oh it they don't pay attention to these young ones and they are always on it. When teenagers are on the computers they don't talk to these parents, they ignore there friends and the people that care about them most. They wont care for everybody, but them selfes @CAPS2 there you have it; that is why I think we should cut down on the computer usage. For these following reasons: People stop exercising and being fit. They stop enjoiying mother nature, and they stop @NUM1 with family and friends. @CAPS2 what do yoo think?"	4	4	8
66	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 of late there has been controversy of how Computers affect people's lives. I believe that the effects on people negative. My main reasons of this argument are. The persons health their the users well being. Did you know that over @PERCENT1 of kids and teens are obese @NUM1 computers can contribute to this statistic. If a person is eating unhealthy but sizing. They can still be fit but if they go on the computer instead of working off all the. They become fat. This can be a serious problem. Becoming overweight has many health risks liked heart other. It also could prevent a person from excersicing. If they are overweight their legs could ache and a simple set of stairs could become a huge challenge. Do you want in obesity rates? I would think not. If you watch tv you could picture perfect families. We all know that no family is like that. Introducing computers could mess up that fact even more. For example, my cousin used to be an outgoing friend person. Now because of computers he is a @LOCATION1 who does nothing else but play on the computer. He gets up eats breakfast. (The of about ), then plays on the computer untill lunch. He eats a small lunch and right back to playing. After along @NUM2 to @NUM3 more hows of playing. He off the computer, hopps into goes on his laptop all night. This greatly affects his family. They try to get him off but all he does is online. He cant interact with his family and this has a huge infact on it. Even though he could get off and talk one of the only ways of talking to him are through facebook. Now because of this family is. We can easily avoid this by telling every body these known facts. My final argument for you is the users well being teen many of us have a facebook of @CAPS3 I have homework I to use the internet for facts and stories. @CAPS3 I do so to go on facebook. If anyone dows the effect our grades. If we chat on facebook we doing our. If arent doing our homework we wont get a good grade. If we could less to other serious problems. Another thing is that you could actually need your computer to stay. It could be addicting and you might rely on it ""once a to kill himself because he dident have his computer"". So @CAPS2 you can see there many negative effects on a user of a computer. It could many problems inthe future like health. the family happiness. So spread the word for the sake of thousands of people."	5	5	10
67	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, Computers these days have made positive changes to all of our every day lives. People have made beter connections with family and friends, and even have the ability to make new ones. While social networks are great and all, computers can also make work extremely easy and proffesional-looking. They can also perfect the skill of hand-eye coordination. But with that in mind, is the computer truly a harmful or helpful device? Sometimes we wonder where our long lost friends and relatives have gone and how they are. Well, with the computer and internet access, you can easily contact them through great social networks such as @CAPS1. I hear it all the time from everyone that reunions have been made, and friends have been reunited. And reuniting friends, you can also make new ones with a simple click of a button. Isn't making more friends and reconnecting so easy now? Computers nowadays offer wonderful software from @ORGANIZATION2 that can make making slideshows, projects, and reports far easier. I remember making a @CAPS2 with my best friend back when we were in @NUM1 grade. All we did was take the pictures, upload them to his laptop, and then we added captions to all of the pictures. We did an amazing, professional job on the project and received an A-. Though I understand that in the process of computer-usage, people hardly find time outdoors, the technological advance will enhance hand-eye coordination. Imagine this: You're up at bat in a baseball game. @NUM2 strikes and @NUM3 balls is your count. Everyone is cheering you on. The pitcher pitches the ball and wham! You swing that bat and hit yourself a homerun! Do you know what skill was used to hit that ball? That's right - hand-eye coordination. So now while everyone is wondering what sort of effect the computer has, remember how easy that work was for me. Also think back to that baseball player. You know, the one that hit the homerun using hand-eye coordination. But most importantly remember how easy it would be to contact the ones you love most and keep closest to you. The computer is a positive advance in society, and everyone should be assured so!"	5	5	10
68	"What is technology? Technology is defined as anything that helps enhance our way of living. Technology is all around us. Our beds, houses, televisions and even chairs are all forms of technology. There is one form of technology however, in my opinion, has revolutionized modern day living as we know it. This form of technology is called the computer. My outlook on the effect the computer has had on our society is quite positive. Just think of all of the things we rely on this device to do. There is one thing, however that really sticks out in my mind; @CAPS1. The computer is perhaps the greatest form of @CAPS1 the world has ever seen. E-mail is basically sending a letter to a friend without the hassle of mailing it out where it might get lost or stolen. E-mailing is two simple steps: @CAPS2 and @CAPS3. Not only does it lower the risk of the letter not getting there, but it is also much quicker. You hit the ""sen"" button and before you know it, a new letter is sitting in you friends inbox. Another method of computerized @CAPS1 is my personal favorite, instant messaging. Instant messaging allows you to have a conversation with someone that could be miles away. And it's okay if you decide to go get a soda while you are instant messaing because unlike a real conversation, that isn't rude. These are just two methods of @CAPS1 that the computer enables us to have. Tehre is a variety of other that, much like these two, enhance our way of life. I believe that the main reason the computer has enhanced our life so much is because of one giant thing: the internet. The internet makes everything we do on the computer possible. If i want to gon on the computer and do research on a topic, the internet takes me where i want to go. With millions of different websites, the internet has endless possibilities. If I'm interested in arcade games, I can go on the internet and play them. If i have to write a science report, then i can go on the internet and collect research. If i want to listen to music, tehn i can go on the computer, look up a song, and listen to it. And guess what? If i'm looking for a funny video just for a good laugh, then the internet can find me one! The internet is perhaps one of the greatest things ever invented. It's just another reason to love the computer."	4	5	9
69	"I believe computers aren't having a positive effect on people in this time period for some people they’ve really taken over their lives. There are many health concerns that take place in a generation full of computers. Also there is less time in your schedule for more important things when you're adicted to facebook. Also money will always be less when computers come along! Computers can really be dangerous to you health! For example all that typing can lead to arthritis in the hands and fingers in the long run. Did you know, more seizure are induced by compexors than epileptics? Dr. @LOCATION1 is as saying ""People don't cause obesity, computers do"" @CAPS1 also thinks that the majority of the obeisity is caused by an addiction to computer games. Ever been depressed than taken a long nature walk, and felt great? Well a lot of people tell on rely on thier computer when they're down. Computers usually make things worse. When on twitter, facebook, google and you tube all the time its hard to find time for even the most important things. For example if you're a parent your child might feel abandonned if you start caring about the computer more than very little time spent together could turn them to alchohol or smoking. I let you never of a computer like that! Computer can be good way to wind down but they can also become an addiction there when youre addicted to sitting on a computer you forget about the beauty of nature! Money can also contribute to the addiction. For example shopping addictions are a good way to blow money because it's so easy. All you have to do is type in a credit card number which gives you the illusion that youre not spending money, until the bill comes! Another thing is kids websites like webking which you need to pay for you also need to pay for internet and the electricity bill. It's clear to see that computers cause nothing but health problems, less time in your daily schedule and the money out of you pocket. To me computers are just a trouble in our lives."	5	4	9
70	"Dear Newspaper, I think a computer is not something bad for you. A computer can help you do many things @CAPS1 could help you learn, chat with friends, and @CAPS1 can entertain you. A computer can get you sucessful in life @CAPS1 helps you learn a lot of things such as computer engineering. Computer engineering is a job that pays you good money to fix computers. @CAPS1 is very challenging at first, but when you look @CAPS1 up on search websites you'll find all your answers. Chatting is the number one thing kids, adults , and teenagers do. @CAPS1 is good and bad in a way, @CAPS1 is good because because your phone bill wont be that high up so you save minutes. @CAPS1 is bad because @CAPS1 can also ruin your eyes just remeber dont get to close to the screen. The computer is all about fun, you have millions of websites you can go on. To have fun for example @CAPS2.com, @LOCATION1, and @CAPS3.com those are the three main ones I go on they are so fun. They have tons of games for kids and for adults too. I Have proven my point that computers are not bad for you because they can help you learn, they lower your phone bill, and its also very fun. Yes I know they might take exercise time away, or hurt your eyes but who cares just make up a time limit so you have time to exercise. Do not get to close to the screen because @CAPS1 can hurt your eyes."	4	4	8
71	"Dear Newspaper, Computers are not something to be afraid of. They help many people in different ways, like the @CAPS1, teachers, students, scientists, and locals dealing with their jobs and daily life. Hasn't a computer already helped you today? Because of that, computers help us learn, keep in contact with people, and are our future. Who has said that by using computers you dont interact with your family as much? Well, I can tell you that I'm staying in contact with my grandma, cousins, and aunts through my e-mail. With e-mail you can check up on news or simply write to friends and family! Also, if you are planning a trip to visit your loving family members, dont bother with a map that gets in your face all the time and you just ""happen"" to get lost, try going on @ORGANIZATION1 maps and plan the shortest route to your destination without getting lost along the way. Computers can do more than creating a simple map, it can give you precious information! Many schools across the country use computers to help teach kids. The kids can look up @LOCATION1 and in @NUM1 seconds they have all the information they need! In most school paper you have to type and provide what websites you used to achieve finishing the paper. What is also nice is that you dont need to go through huge books for one small piece of information. It is much easier, looking it up on the computer. Speaking of not using big books for imformation computers don't use paper and will lead us to a healthier tomorrow! Millions of toms of paper land in landfills each day! By using computers we could read online and conserve paper! Another fantastic fact is that computers will grow in the future. people have already created touch-screen computers and computers will grow even more! Many people think that using computers is a bad thing, but look at the facts! Doesnt the newspaper write the newspaper on computers? If they didnt, they would be having hand cramps all the time! And what about docters dont they have your medical history on the computer, if not all these papers would get lost! Like in the beginning, computers help us learn, keep in contact with people, and are our future."	4	4	8
72	Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 I feel that computers do take away from peoples life and aren’t as important than the other factors of life. First of all you know that the world is becoming obease because of lack of exercise. Also people don't realize that @CAPS3 warming is becomeing a big problum. Finally familys arn't as close as they used to be. these are all the reasons why computers arn't important to human socioty. First of the world is becomeing obease and cumputers play a huge part in this. Computers don't make people exercise they basicly just sit down on there couch and use the computer this won't help amarica get back into shape. Also computers become a habbit if a person uses a computer everyday of there life it will become an addiction then they won't be able to stop. Finally when people use the computer they don't realize the lack exersise there getting. This is the first reason why computeres are a bad thing. Next @CAPS3 warming is mealting the polar ice caps. Computers play a part in @CAPS3 warming because they use electricty and thjen the electrisity melts the polar ice caps. If this keeps happining then they will all melt and we will not have a shorline and half of the world will be fluded. Finally computers play a huge part in @CAPS3 warming because of the fact that they are so popular. This is another reason why computers are bad. Finally the last reason why computers are bad is because they take away from your family life. For instance there are more and more familys splitting up now and sientest sat that @PERCENT1 of the time it's because of technolagy. When on peroson is on the computer the other people feel that they love the computer more than they love themselfs. Then they split up for good. This is the last reason why I feel computers are bad. In conclution you can see that computeres are a bad thing. First of all you can see that amarica is becomeing obease because of the computers. Also computers are causeing @CAPS3 warming and are eventually goung to flood the earth. And last but not least computers take away from peoples family life and cause them to split up and become unhappy. These are all the reasons why computers are bad.	4	4	8
73	"Dear @CAPS1, Computers have many posative affects on society these days. I believe this because computers provide us with communication skills. They provide you with information and they increase your skill when it comes to technology. Read on to hear how i further explain my reasoning. First off, computers provide you with communication skills. I know that i am always finding the computer useful. It allows you access to websites that help you talk to new and dd friends. It is a fast and easy way to communicate with someone. Whether your at your house, or on the go with your laptop, you can talk to people all over the world. Secondly, computers supply you with information to write papers, newspaper articles, etc. When a teacher asks the class to with a paper about a specific topic, students can simply just go home on or type the topic in on a search . At that point they're automaticly supplied with thousands and thousands of different sources of information. I know that @PERCENT1 of the population of the @LOCATION1, prefer computer sources over book sources because computers are so much easier when it comes to finding specific information. Lastly, computers increase your skills when it comes to technology. Although some computers @MONTH1 be fairly easy to use companies are constantly trying to increase the difficulty of computers. They ar also always coming out with new software for your computer. By making computers and softwares more high tech, people the generation now is more technicly advanced than many other countries. As a whole computers have a huge impart on our countries technical skills. I believe computers have a posative affect on society. I think this because computers provide us with communication skills, they provide you with information, and they increase your skill whenit comes to technology. I hope i have made it so that we are looking at this from the same angle."	4	4	8
74	"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 opinion on the effects computers have on people is that computers have a good effect. It's good for education mind exercise and communication all over the world. It could @CAPS2 be bad because it would keep you from getting exircise, being with your family and being healthy. But I still think that there are ways to use computers without the bad cause. Some ways computers are good for you are that you can get a better education when you have websites with so much information. Sometimes these information are flase but if you find the websites you can get the rite information. With all of this information you ran exircise your mind to do better in life. You can @CAPS2 talk to people on the other side of the earth and get more inforamtion from them. If I were to say computers are bad for you I would I say that it keeps you from getting enough or maybe any exircise. Computers @MONTH1 be the reason why ther are so many obese people in the @LOCATION1 @CAPS2 when computers are use too much people part from their family and go into different fantasy worlds that somethimes get you addicted to them. And staying for too long on the computer cause prolems. You can get hurt by just sitting for a long amount of time at once. Being on the computer for too long can @CAPS2 cause eye problems where you will begin to lose your sight and will need glasses which will get thicker as you keep looking at the computer screen for hours and days. But even though computers cause so many problems we can prevent them by using the computer to help us. People dont get enough exircise but with the help of computers they can @CAPS2 find times and ways to exircise so that they can stay healthy. They can @CAPS2 find information about how much time should be spent on the computer to not have sight decrease or worse. Some people live far away from their family so computers really help them stay in touch and to be able to see each other. In conclusion I think that computers are more beneficial then harmfull because they give you alot of information for everything and you can comunicat with people all over the world. And computers can help you prevent those things that are bad for you by showing you ways to use computer that won't harm you."	4	4	8
75	"Dear local Newspaper, I am writing this to let you know that many people are spending to much time on computors rather than enjoying nature. People say advances in technology believe that computers have an effect on people in such a way of saying. Many people showed on as is say can use the computers but to remember to think about nature what nice things it has in store for us. Im going to saying that experts are right that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. Im thinking that in some points many family members and friends see then other relative person on companion so much on the computers it's like if they are thinking maybe they don't care anymore. Caring about nature and your loved ones is such a great thing. @PERCENT1 of my friends agree with me when I say that people should be less on electronic devices because that can effect your brain or maybe your eye sight (eye vision.) @CAPS1 more and more people should lay off it. @PERSON1 of yale university has conducted extensive reaserch and proven that many computers that are being used by people can be damage of using it every time. I strongly agree with him that there should be a time limit on something to let them later on have the spaare time to enjoy and have fun with nature but something different such as to enjoy listening to soft music. I know you will agree with me when I say that maybe people should spend less time effecting themselves. Whatsoever im hoping from you to agree with my position so this can be possible to break this habit of going on computers and having no time for your family and friends is not such a to start off with."	4	4	8
76	"Dear local newspaper, Computers are effecting more and more people in the society instead of helping. A boy named, @PERSON1 started to have many health problems afer he had bought a computer. The computer that he thought uses helping him wasn’t any help at all. His health issues started to get worse. He soon started to be out of breath more always have a high blood pressure and he started to become overweight. Since he had this computer he didn't exercise or got out to spend time with his family and friends as much as he was on the internet. Computers aren't helpful, my opinion is that all they is waste time, lose your education and can make you unhealthy. As you @MONTH1 already know computer can do a lot to help you but there are some things that you don't know about computers. According to a health magazine, tests shows that using a computer for two or three hours can make you lose @PERCENT1of your brain cells. That's a lot of brain cells to lose when you are going to need them for your education. There is no way to get those back, either. After walking around the streets to listen to what people think about how computers can effect people, @PERSON2, a policeman at the police department had this to say, ""I love using computer and going on the internet, but most of the time I act on he computer at @TIME1 and find myself getting off at @NUM1 @ORGANIZATION1 can be very unsafe and unhealty. Computers can help you find what your looking for or show thigs that you have never seen before, but it is all a waste of line. Instead of going on the computer to go on facebook, youtube, or myspace you should go outside and interact with your family and friends after interviewing @PERSON3 the best female rapper so far she had this to stay ""Computers are okay but they are sometimes just a waste of time. Instead of being on the internet doing something pointless like playing a game you could be stucking far an upcoming test or doing your homework so that you wouldn't be doing it at the last minute""."	4	4	8
77	"would you rather read six books to get that one recipie, or would you rather look it up in less than ten minutes? I think computers have an positive effect on people you can learn about places you want you need in minutes and you can talk to your friends inline Computers have a good effect on people because, you can learn about places you want to wish this @DATE1. For example, @PERSON5 wanted to wish @LOCATION2 this @DATE1 but when he looked online he saw how @LOCATION2 just had an earthquake so he changed his plans this @DATE1. @CAPS1, @PERSON2 said ""I wanted to go to @LOCATION3 this @DATE1 but I know about it, so I searched on google and figure thatb this @DATE1 I will go to @LOCATION3"" that is one positive thing computers effect on people because you can learn about places you want to visit in the @DATE1. Computers have a positive effect on people because you can @CAPS1 find what you need in minutes. For example. @PERSON3 was looking for a cake recipie, he was looking many cook books but find it, so he took thru his labtop and found it in under five minutes, @CAPS1, computer experts @PERSON1 said ""@CAPS2 of rooming thru books and books for information you nead why not go to the and the truxt me its much"" @CAPS3, computers have a good effect on people because you can talk to your friends online, for example, @PERSON6 said ""I moved from @CAPS4 to @LOCATION1 and I was sad to leave my bestfriend but knod how I can talk to her on @CAPS5."" @CAPS1, @PERSON4 was in bed sick and coudnt go ourside to visit his friends so he kelf intouch with them on @CAPS7. Computers have a positive effect on people because you can learn about places you want to visit this @DATE1. You can find what you need in minutes, and you can talk to your friends online just remember even computer report @PERSON1 said "" me its much easier"""	4	4	8
78	"Dear Local @CAPS1, I think that computers do not effect people bacause I believe that they actually benefit people and the way people live computers do more than have games, In some cases help you gain knowledge computers can be used for entertainment, jobs, research, projects and more. Not just for games. Computers help peopel do their job. For example, if you work as a lawyer, you @MONTH1 need a computer to type your documents up. If you have bad pemanship and have a joblike a lawyer. You @MONTH1 need to refer to something in your document and can't read it, that's a problem. So in that case, that;s where the role of the comuter steps in. I also think that computers do not have effect on people because through garde schoo, sometimes kids need the internet. Some people don't have the option of a library of ther isn't one near them. By using the computer for inofrmation on a project or homework, I think it benefits, not effects. I have one more reason why I think computers benefit, not effect. I believe that if you have a @CAPS2, or @CAPS3, you have a chance to meet people from all over the world. Just by that, you could learn something you could learn their lifestyle and things about thier culture.Thank you for reading my letter, hopefully you will rethink your decision."	4	3	7
79	"The computer is able to do so many things. It think computers have posotive effects on people. But some experts believe they don’t which is why I'm writing this paper so that I can explain the positions from both sides. Did you know most everyone who his a house their chances of having a computer is just as lucky as having a telephone. Computers believe it they help us in life wether @CAPS1 to keep information, talk online, find a good recipe or what ever it is @CAPS1 there. That is why computers are so positive. It we did not have computers there would not be any technological advances that we have @DATE1, @CAPS1 one of the most important devices. Let me share my expierence okay. I had a job interview right well I could not find that street so I went on my computer and it gave me the directions I made it to my interview. Thats why I think computers have posotive effects. Now the opposite side says people are spending too much time on their computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with fiends and family. Well I have some people spend to much time on their computer @CAPS1 completely choice. And those are people who usually don't have alot of self control. And exercising who said that everyone need exercise in the persons already skinny what does need to exercise. For the interacting with friends and family you can do that I mean how long can a person look at a computer screen. So in conclusion you can see that computers are good but with self control they can be enjoyed with no bad side effects. So next time on the computer enjoy it but remember your friends, family and your health is more important."	4	4	8
80	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, @CAPS4 you know @PERCENT1 of people today use the computer for necessary reasons? @CAPS5's true! @CAPS5's a fact the computer can help you with keeping in touch with friends, getting the latest news, and even gives you map access. Let me tell you some important facts about the computer. Of course, we all have friends in different cities and/or states! Instead of over charging a phone bill, many people keep in touch via email. Email is high tech, and super easY! All you need is your friends email adress and you can send them anything from a friendly hello, to @CAPS1 pictures of the family. Teens love to chat with friends and they're able to get to know each other better through the computer. Sites such as facebook are certainly popular with this generation of teens. The fun messages are what makes everything so great. Keep in mind all the avaiible ways to get in touch with friends and see why the computer is so great. Everytime I log onto the computer I'm able to see the latest news updates! I remember going on and seeing something pop up about my favorite band breaking up. Thanks to the computer I got to read all about @CAPS5 and I was extremely glad I'd seen that because if I hadn't I wouldn't of got to see their last concert. While I do understand, the computer @MONTH1 not be the healthiest activity, @CAPS5 definaltly is a great news source and everyone reads the news whether @CAPS5 be political, or about celeberties. Knowledge about what's currently happening in our country, and exercise is equally as important therefore, I'd be the first to support the computer as a possitive effect on people today. Have you ever been lost? Maybe you didn't write down the correct directions, or couldn't remember. Next time bok up directions on the computer! @CAPS5's so helpful and could really save you a hastle. There're so many websites that have maps you can print out, such as map quest. @CAPS5's a much easier, clearer way to understand where exactly you need to go. In my opinion @CAPS5 can help so much and @CAPS5 would be the right idea to go cheer @CAPS5 out today. Imagine all the places you could go just by getting a map online! Keep this in mind as one of the many great things about the computer. Now that you know some posotives about the computer, remember how they could benefit you! Being able to chat with friends is one of the best! Don't forget about hearing the latest news, and finally, never get lost again, just print out a map. There's no doubt in my mind the computer has a very possative effect on every one! The time is now to get out there and pick up a computer for yourself!"	5	5	10
81	"I use computer all the time and im healthy. Just because you use a computer more than getting exercise dosn’t mean your not healthy. I think computers help a lot in life. Now I will talk about some of the things that computers help out with in life. Computers help out with finding out what the weather is and everything you need to no. It will even help you, if you have a job and don't no what time to goin for waste. Computers are also fun. You go to different and play any games. You can also talk to people on them. Or get email with is like getting real mail but from an computer. But there @MONTH1 be some issues, People are useing then to much. They need to get more exirses. So thats what I think of computers hopfuly people will get more exirse now."	3	3	6
82	"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 people throughout the world use, or own computers. Although there are @CAPS1 people who think computers are good for you, others could say different. While you are on the computer you can become more socal by talking with friends or family. Also, while you are on the computer you @MONTH1 not notice it but; your hand-eye coordination is improving, and finally, you are able to search with a click of a button, instead of searching your topic through dozens of books. Computers have very @CAPS1 benefits. One being chating, or talking online to friends, and family. You @MONTH1 have a distant friend that you haven't talked to in a while. With a computre you are able to re connect with your buddy. If you have an acount that is safe to chat on, you @MONTH1 be able to make new friends. That would be good for you, socally. It is always good to have friends, and stay in touch with family. Some people find it hard to play a piano because they cannot look at the music and have their hands be doing something else. On a computre your hand-eye-coordination improves over time because, you are searching a topic as your hands are typing. Also, this is a great memory excirsise for your fingers. You eventually memorize where all of the keys are located. People without computres have to search through @CAPS1 books to find information on their topic. Others with computers, just have to type in their topic and all the information they need is right infront of them. You are able to see pictures of your topic or even video's! Not @CAPS1 books that I know, can search a topic, show you pictures, and videos of it with one resource! @CAPS1 people debate the fact if computres are good for you or not. If you ask me, computres are great for people. It allows people to be socal, and talk to old friends; it also improves your hand-eye coordination, and finally; it gives you the option to search a topic without all the hastle of searching through dozens of books. So now the question is up to you; are computers good for people, or not?"	5	4	9
83	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 people have computers in there house hold but they disagrees with a computer can help you. There are some advantages in useing computers such as being able to search information able learn hand-eye coordination, becomeing organized, but it also has it's disadvangtages like children spending more time on the computer rather than going out side and playing with friends and exersizeing and staying fit. I agree with computers do produce a positive impact on children. Computers not only let a child stay in contact with their family that live faraway but it can also help them get a progect done more eveficantly and quickly. It @MONTH1 seem that where are doing one thing but when in fact we can be uploading pictures and movies, downloading muisc and playing games at the same. Now with all that I have told you @DATE1 I hope that we share the same point of veiws on computers like how they are good to have and their positive in part."	3	3	6
84	"Dier: newspaper I thingk the computers are beneficial and consequencial. Computers are beneficial because thy entertainment, inforormational and super yousfall., I injoy all the cool vidio on youtud while older pepole mite wash the news. You can also send mail, it is most semplr. Then sanding a ordnery envelope. Wating for days or even weeks depnding were you live but wegth e-mail it can get ther in a mater of secons, big deforents right. Pepol who depend on computers can uploud inpotan informashon all the pepol on palands of the poles and army yous the internet on there computers to control speshol equenent like @CAPS1.A.V. for the army or everiday monrting sestoms for a policeofficer. I mayself yous a computer to resrech school slot like math and history but computer all arnt good pepole abyous it. Some pepol can hack in to other computers and steel importen information and make your life misardol it can effact your haus onlin players spend countless howsr playing it can mak you game wat, stend les time weth your frend and fameli thy play so offen ther eight weekends and required glasses, computers my complateley replace newsepaper."	4	3	7
85	"To whom it @MONTH1 concern, To many people it is so much fun but then they become so obsessed that they can lose so much that they loved. My stand is that computers hurt peoples. Money, weight and sleep. My opinion is my opinion but I will stand strong with what I have. My father is favorite is the financial deal. With five kids and one laptop who would want to be happy. With people sitting and staring at a computer game all day the bills just keep billing up until you lose everything, such as your house, family, money, ect. But who cares about them when you are obsessed with your computer. My favorite is the overweight problem. Yeah I agree it is nice to sit in a soft cushy chair with your computer and bowls of chips and boxes of pizza but sooner or later all that fatty food will catch up to you when you least expect it but will you get up and take a jog, run on a treadmill or go for a @NUM1 walk. Probably not will that computer game running. That wright will keep coming until you can't even move. Sitting at a @NUM2 will really have your eyes, brain, muscles and other important bodyparts due to lack of sleep and want for it. I can relate this to my brother with his dis. The be gets home, boom he is on it until maybe @NUM3 or @NUM4 o'clock in the @TIME1. Eventually he is going to get sick and I'm not to blame for it. When you sit at a computer than eventually you are going to make yourself sick and in some cases die if you were up that late. Now as a common teen to love to go on the computer but one thing I do not do is sit and watch movies or play games every hour of every day. I get outside and run so that I will not fall victim to weight. Financial, and body problems, like @MONTH1 people do. So don't waste your life on a game or chat room get out there and do something like sports or just get some fresh air."	4	4	8
86	"Dear @CAPS1 of the @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4, computers are a wonderful tool and they bear many positive impacts on society first, computers have created numerous @CAPS2 forms of communication. Also, they have enable us to create a @CAPS2 age in research. In addition, computers have given us amazing @CAPS2 ways to entertain ourselves computers have a incredibly positive effetct on people. One reason why computers have such a positive effect on humans, is that we have developed many @CAPS2 ways to communicate with people all over the world. First, one fantastic program such as @CAPS5 (instant messaging) has given us the amazing ability to hold a conversation with one or more people any where in the world, and be able to respond within an instant. In a recent survey @PERCENT1 of people said that they prefer instant messaging over any other type of communication beside face to face talking, second, most computers come with webcams built in now, so you can actually see the person you are communicating with. I had friend move recently, and we are able to see what each other are doing and remain friends even though we don't live in the same town, and I'm sure a similar experience has occured to you or someone you know. Finally, the popular program of facebook has changed communication forever. People can now see things go on in your info whereever want. Although some it has a wonderful computers have established incredible ways of communication. A second reason computers positively import people is that they have created a numerous research. One example would be our phenomenon search engine, google. Google to almost everything with help people in finding schools now use computer resources such us @CAPS6 which allow in research to the fact that there is so much availbale on the. In addition, computers have created many opportunities for people to learn more because of the billions of web you in existance studies have shown that @PERCENT2 of people have found a website conataining information relevant to their research that was than a book. Computer are the reason that research has contuined to thrive and @CAPS2 continue to be made. Finally, computers have established amazing @CAPS2 entertainment for people of all ages. First, video websited such as youtube have created a place for people to watch music videos and creative films just to enjoy themselves. If you can't get tickets to a concert you want going online to watch music videos by that person is a much cleaper alternative, second, jaming websites are a less expensive, but if you go online you can play similar games at no charge. Finally websites with appropriate funny stories posted on them are a fantastic way to get the laughter of a comic, without leaving your couch wouldn't you prefer to stay home, rather than going out when it isn't necessary? computers are an incredible way to achieve quick, un expensive entertaiment in todays economy. In conclusion, computers impact proper in many positive ways. they're established now forms of communication, research and entertainment that will forever change society. Therefore, I invite you to join me to demonstrate the icrredible strenght of computers."	6	6	12
87	"Dear local news paper, I agree that technology has a positive effect on people. Just like other electronic devices, computers can help you with hand eye coordination. Plus, some people like teachers, want to get staff off the internate for their students to learn about people and places. Others just want to talk to other family or friend member in other towns, states, countries, or continents. Once you read this letter, then you will understand my reasoning. Firstly, these technology enhanced dictionaries help you with hand-eye coordination. Before the computer, people had lose success in writing quickly. They had to make short notes or short handed notation like w/ or. Nowadays people write quicker and can write full words and sentences. They never understood what they wrote they put it in full sentences. When you play computer games, it gives you even more hand-eye coordination, That was only the first three reasons. Secondly, teachers use computers to get alot of school work and get information about history and geography. like an online school book, it can get information on just about anything. It can look up when @PERSON1 was born. When the dinosaurs went extinct. Fun what the government is doing now. A computer can store what you learn too. It also has search engines that help you locate the information like @ORGANIZATION1 or @ORGANIZATION2. Statistics show that more than @PERCENT1 of people on earth use search engine to find something on the computer. On search engines they have websites, pictures, movies, maps and more. That is why people use computer for research. Have you ever fell like you don't want to travel across the @LOCATION2 just to see your relative. Well I have a solution to your problem. Computers have all sorts of stuff to can fanicate to other people. The computer mostly uses e-mail. E-mail is like a letter, but put electronically. It also has @CAPS1. It is also like a letter. If you buy a special camera that connects to your computer you can talk to them personaly. You don't even have to travel to see your relatives in @LOCATION1. That is the last reason why computers have positive effects on people. Most people use computers effectively. They get hand eye coordination. Also, the learn important facts about places and people. Plus they can talk to other people. See what I mean, computers are some and also a positive part of society."	5	5	10
88	"Dear @CAPS1, I think computers have a positive effect on people because it will help you with interacting, learning and coordination. By interacting with people like far away friends or unknown frieds. If they are far its a nice way to send photos back and forth to see how the person/people are doing. Family is a very important factor in computers because if you havent seen the person you can tell how they are progressing in life. If thats not the case you can meet new people. By meeting new people you have more connections in your life and more people to trust. Learning! Learning is a good thing for adults an children. Computers can teach children by showing them new words, colors shapes and sizes. For an adult it can show them meanings of words or new words. Words, colors and sizes can all be round on a computer all by learning. A computer can not only do mental things to affect you also physical like coordination. You can improve your coordination by making you stronger when you type. Your hands are a big thing in like and they are helpful in a lot of ways. By sitting up straight in your computer chair all day can improve your posture. Your back can get straigher from all time you are sitting. Your mind can be foucused and in one pot fucusing on thing is good for you such as the computer screen. Now, people can think that computers are good for you too. But there could be negative ideas for people who think the opposite way."	4	4	8
89	Dear local newspaper I raed ur argument on the computers and I think they are a positive effect on people. The first reson I think they are a good effect is because you can do so much with them like if you live in mane and ur cuzin lives in califan you and him could have a wed chat. The second thing you could do is look up news any were in the world you could be stuck on a plane and it would be vary boring when you can take but ur computer and go on ur computer at work and start doing work. When you said it takes away from exirsis well some people use the computer for that too to chart how fast they run or how meny miles they want and sometimes what they eat. The thrid reson is some peolpe jobs are on the computers or making computers for exmple when you made this artical you didnt use a type writer you used a computer and printed it out if we didnt have computers it would make ur @CAPS1 a lot harder. Thank you for reading and whe you are thinking adout it agen pleas consiter my thrie resons.	4	3	7
90	"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2 opinion on computers is that they have a positive affect on people. I think this because I know some people that excersise and go on the computer mainly, I don't think computers are a bad thing. Some people learn on computers. They learn how to exercise. Sure some people just chat and learn about that far away place they could go there and explore the buety and nature. I think computers are great effects on people, They help out a lot. I know @CAPS2 uncle that came from @LOCATION1 he learned how to speak english of the computer. He learned a lot and we were all proud. Some effects that computers have on people are a lot. People have classes online they go to @CAPS3 mothers that are single that have kids for example, they get their diplomas and degrees of the computer online. And theirs other @CAPS3 @CAPS2 aunts and uncles they go to english classes online and work. A lot of people have classes online. @CAPS3 i go on @PERSON1 all the time all the time. @CAPS4 teaches me how to type. @CAPS4's fun, but also educated. I think that all computer have positive effects on people. All of them should their should'nt be one computer with negative effects on people. But that's only by @CAPS2 opinion. Computers are @CAPS3 robots they do lots for us. We type reports, learn, read online. And then theres also were we play games online, and educated games. I believe that their are lots of resources. You could search up a lot of stuff. For example you could search up: mistery, animals, natures and places. You wouldn't beleive how many results the computer has. So who would have negative effects of the computer. All @CAPS4's trying to do is help us and out education @CAPS4 helps me with @CAPS2 spanish sometimes. So why would people think that computers arn't good ideas? Computers are great for everything. I could go on and see what the weather is for tommorrow. Also I could see what the news are, and i could contact @CAPS2 teachers through the computer. I think a computer would always have a positive affect on people."	5	4	9
91	"Newspaper, I feel that the use of computers is no big deal. it is a convienient way to communicate, it teaches young adults and adults social and life skills, and is no different than other addictions. These three reasons are why I feel the @ORGANIZATION1 is under-appreciated. My firsty reason why I feel that the @ORGANIZATION1 is under-appreciated is that some people think that less time is spend with family, but I talk to family, and friends everytime on the @ORGANIZATION1. It is a conveinient, fast, and for the most part safe way of communicating. When I need help with something, I sit at the @ORGANIZATION1 and fb chat someone, or if their not on, I e-mail them. I get my answer within a day. Also you can look up the answer online, the internet is a beautifully smart device. Also if you call someone versus chating on the @ORGANIZATION1 you @MONTH1 have no idea who they are, it is also much easier to trace a call then trace a @ORGANIZATION1 to a certain location. Communication is faster, safer, and more conveinient over the @ORGANIZATION1. My second reason for being @NUM1 is that it can help teach said and life skills. For example, did you know that on average, an adult will make @MONEY1 more if they know how to type good, and fast? The @ORGANIZATION1 serves many functions. Facebook, for example, is a social network, amny young adults can learn basic social skills by having a facebook. Social skills play a very important role when you are finding a job for the first time. If you have good social skills, your boss @MONTH1 like, and apreciate you more. Which can only lead to a promotion! Computers are very nifly to have around! my third, and final reason, for believing, with all respect, that @NUM2 people are blinded, is that people don't easily get addicted to the @ORGANIZATION1. It is very hard to become addicted to the @ORGANIZATION1. Only about @PERCENT3 of facebook users are addicted. Compared to an alcohol addiction, about @PERCENT1, or drug addiction, @PERCENT2, @ORGANIZATION1 addiction is microscopic, and not to mention, not deadly. The only similarity between the @ORGANIZATION1, and other deadlier addictions is that they are addicted, and @MONTH1 become grumpy if asked to stop. ""@ORGANIZATION1 addiction can be cured with a speedy recovery, and as long as you are on for an hour or less a day, there is nothing to worry about"" says @PERSON1, at the @NUM3.) @CAPS1 there you have it, computers use is not a major problem. It is a conveinent communication device, an effective way to learn social, and life skills, and is no huge major source of addiction. @CAPS1 there is nothing to worry about. Sit back and look it up on the internet if you don't believe me."	5	5	10
92	"@ORGANIZATION1, I strongly believe that we need computers. Computers are very helpful they are a very big part in are world, ability to learn about very interesting facts, and they allow people talk online too. After reading my letter I hope you agree with me. First of all compters are important because as our world gets more technilque inclined compters are need for almost every job and you will want people to know how to work a computer. Police officers use compters to find want criminals and put criminals into the computer to keep them on files. Schools use computers everyday for kids to do reports on, find information, and do homework on too. As a student I know that kids use computers all the time. For example @TIME1 I used computers to do my math homeworks that my teacher assigned me. After you read my letter I hope you will agree with me. Secondly you have the ability to research places all over the world. Another good thing with computers is that you can look up the news and be updated everything that is going on right now. Computers are just great to use because if you don't like write you have a computer and you might even get it done faster if you are a good and fast type. I use computers to do all my essays and book reports for @LOCATION1 I also use it for look at the news to see ehats going on in the world. Lastly computers are get because they allow you to talk to people online. You can either email them or talk to them from a web cam. Online chat is good to keep in touch with a friend from far away or even ask a friend ehat the homework was tonight. I like to ise a web cam for the reasons I just listed because on my birthday my sister could't come home from college so we hooked up some web cams so she could be there when we open presents and song happy birthday. After you read my letter I hope you will agree with me. I hope I have persuaded you to show you that computers are very important and that why we use them so much beccause computers are very helpful, they give you the ability to learn interesting facts and they allow you to talk to people online."	5	5	10
93	"To: @ORGANIZATION1 goes so fast, and the most they make more new invations. They had invented a computer which it helps people in the work they have to do, however there is a big problem, is that people are spending too much in the computer specialy teenagers. I suggest that is a horrible idea, because they are less time being active, also less time intracting with friends and family and @CAPS1 it is dangerous for teenagers. However many people @MONTH1 not ogrea with me. There is so many teenagers and adults that are just wasting time in the computer, instead of playing outside enjoying the nature, doing exercise and just having fun. Don't you think is a great idea. Well a friend of mine used to go outside everyday went outside to play. I think . Which I really miss her. You know when you go spent time with your family. But guess what they are in the computer, wasting time instead of spending time with your family. Do you think thats good? Well is not because thats how the family gather and stop coming to visit you. That's just so sad had family seperate. That's not all because do you think that people will be in dangerous problems, well they are. Do you know how you get a myspace and you meat a boy that says that is the name age as you and tells you if he could meet you and you say yes and lets say you were @NUM1 year old girl, he is like @NUM2 years old. He will abuse of you or kill you. You thought he was @NUM1 years old but he was not. I think is dangerous for kids. I think is a horrible idea of having computers, because you will be less time spending nature, also less time spending with your family and getting into dangerous things. However people @MONTH1 not agree with me, but what if your child was in dangerous. How would you feel? People should really think about having computers."	4	4	8
94	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 are very dangerous to the modern day socity and how we are connected to them. So I belive that these atroshish things should bery well be disposed of. There are good reasons of thinking such a thought that is in this time with such an eviormetal breakdwon we need to get close to nature while it's still here. Next today our interaction is very low when if your talking about actuall talking to the person and because of computers it makes @CAPS3 all the more lazy while sitting around doing nothing. Lastly the @CAPS2 is harmful and expensive not to menshon the fact that the enviorment is already falling apart. The way natures heading we will all end up dieing no thanks to computers. First how hamful it today is @PERCENT1 of @CAPS3 own computers. In america theres only @PERCENT2 is nature with nice forest but as people reporduce more will be gone forever due to expantion. So be one of the @NUM1 out of @NUM2 that instead of staing iside views the great things the earth has to offer. Next these computers our little robots that are really taking over the world and its getting very dangerous with how much it's destroying the ability for humans to breath this happens because theres a hipno disk in all computers making us stay close sufficating us like a deadly drug it's a horrible addiction. Lastly @PERCENT3 of deaths are due to @CAPS2 overloads imagene all the lives that could be saved if they just went to breath every @NUM3 minets I mean on average @NUM4 hours a day your looking at a @CAPS2 take time off make a goal for say @NUM5 hours. This addiction will kill us and knone knows how to talk about it. Secondly, millions on top of millions live in the @LOCATION1 @NUM6 keep on their computers for ours on a time you would think that their alone in every @NUM7 people are done the rest are being killed by chatting on the @CAPS2 and letting their life flow right out of the window. Now interaction is harmful as you already know but you forgot @NUM8 a day do elligal things on the internet like download music wich they shouldn't be they could be put away for up to @NUM9 years for this talk about an iteraction, with the police. Lastly web inter action like myspace they haves satified sexual effenders who could come to your house at only time and take you away would you like that to happen you could never see your family in every @NUM10 people @PERCENT4 are kidnapped due to myspace alone stand up out of danger. Thats a harmful work it is. Finally the dangers of a world like this with how the government whats to mess you up. These people are considered are mad and dangerous with laywars who want to get you. One in every @NUM11 people can't keep up with payments. Next did you forget about those other @PERCENT3 who dont have computers they are living the life walking with @CAPS4 on the edge of myth. Lastly and unfortunatly those @PERCENT1 perstent witho computers are likly to die within the next @NUM12 years due to a dealy poisin that the compute diliveres to your brain. In conclution this world can be one of the more angerest. So come to gether get a friend go for a run now and then. No friends go talk see your family instead of one of those vertual meaings. Just keep in mind the dangers of the @CAPS2 world and how it wants your money. Now what we need to do is attak the robots back. People should go for a run cut of some of the obisity from sitting down all day lose @NUM9 pounds or more. Remember the world would survive if you trash that zombie @CAPS2 room. Get outside go for a road trip save life humanity your fellow niebor your family."	4	6	10
95	"Dear Newspaper People, I think that the effects that computers have on us are good. You should agree. One reason why you should agree is because computers are like teachers. For example, you can go on websites that teach you all kinds of things like math. Also you can go on cyber school or take college classes online. Another reason why you should agree with me is because on computers we can communicate easier. On computers, you can e-mail and use a webcam to talk to people. You can also have a facebook or myspace to chat and learn more about people. last of all, computers are for our entertainment. On computers, there are lots of games to play that are free. Also online you can watch movies and listen to music. Last, you can have fun creating games and stuff to share with everyone. Without computers we wouldn't be able to do any of those things anymore. I think that it would really suck and tons would agree with me. That is why you should agree with me that we"	3	3	6
96	"I think people should not spend so much time on the computer. This are three reason a think that. My frist reason is if people stay on the computer for a long amount of time it can mess up the way you see. My second reason itis that you could be spending time with family and friends. My last reason is that people that sit all day on a computer gain more weight. First I think people should not be staying on the computer all day. Because it can mess up the way you see this can happen because from u looking at a computer screen all day or eyes can get mess up. I think u should never stay on a computer for no more than a hour. And sometimes u no u been on it for to long when ur eyes started to hurt. My second reason u should not stay on the computer for a long time is because when u are secting there. Doing wat you are doing. You can be messing out on fun thing that u can be doing with ur family our with friends. But some people would just like to sect all day end look at a computer screen and some people start not to like going out our even beeging a social person. My last reason people should not be on the computer for a long time because some people will just seat there and eat food all day. And this will make them get more weight. And this can make there life wader because now they are on heelthy they are just seating down all day anyways. And they should be going outside end running around. This are my three reason I think people should not stay on the computer all day. One it mess up they way u see, second you are messing out on fun thing u can do with our family, end last people are graning more weight when seat on the computer all day."	3	4	7
97	"As more and more people are becoming accustomed to using computers, I believe that this is having a negative effect on society. Because of computers people are not exercising as much as they should, which is of crucial importance. In addition, people are becoming unable to envoy and appreciate nature while they still can. Finally, people are slowly being their ability to communicate with family and friends. As every day people are getting in touch with technology they are losing touch with the world around them. Therefore, the advances in technology are having a negative affect on society. When the average, person uses, the computers, be it for business, homework, chatting, or just for fun, they are easily occupied for long periods of time. They consider themselves ""too busy"" for a thing called exercise which is becoming more and more curcial to our health and well-being. With music, walk, cool friends right in front of us, who has live. Time to go for a walk, jog, or bike ride? with computers, people are the will exercise. In this day and age, when is becoming a we need our exercise more. Every day rainforests indicated on the one, polluted, and clouded. We need and because of the realize ever a @ORGANIZATION1 screen. We need to write up and appreciate with the @ORGANIZATION1. As time goes by communication technology through the internet this issue of helping @CAPS1, healthy relationships is becoming a progressively worse issue. ""@CAPS1 @CAPS2"" is something that doesn't completely exist on the internet. This means that while you @MONTH1 find someone you can call a ""friend"" online, you never know exactly who they are until you've actually, met them...which could be potentially dangerous. Additionally, the very @CAPS1 emotions and human need for interaction that comes with relationships is something their can never be simulated or programmed, no matter how ""advanced"" your technology is. As you can see, the dependancy on and average of computers is having a negative affect in our society. We are not taking the time for exercise, and human interacting, all of which are to our health. And in a world where it's more important than ever to do. healthy, grateful, and diplomatic, we are slowly losing important. Therefore, @ORGANIZATION1, are having a negative affect on society."	5	5	10
98	"Dear local news paper, I think computers can have a bad effect on people from a really early age. Starting at thirteen and up through adulthood. People spend hours at a time on the computer when they canbe exercising or doing some type of activity out doors. Computers can make some people feel like life is being taken away form them. Spending so much time on a computer can really damage a person posture. It is said that when some get on a computer a state of comfortbility comes over them and they lean over with their backs bent and they there for periods of time. Imagin a person being cramped in a tight space for eight hours and when that person gets out they all their joints and muscles being stretched from that point of tensions. This is what we do to our bodys when we get on computers."	4	4	8
99	"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 a place where they are all on computers all day long, everyday. I don’t think computers are a benefit to society because you get less time exercising, less time enjoying nature, and you spend less time with family and friends. Computers are not a benefit to society. To begin, computers are not a benefit to society because it gives you less and less time exercise. And wouldn’t you want to go exercise and lose weight. Other than just sitting around on your new computer and having your brain being wrecked out by it. @PERSON1 said that @PERCENT1 of people that get a new computer spend @NUM1 minutes more than what time they usually spend on it. Next, is that you could be outside enjoying nature. New @CAPS2 @CAPS3 Newspaper said that they are worried that it too many people got a good computer that no body would be outside enjoying what left of nature. Because sooner or later there wont be any trees left in the world and humans would became extinct for eternity. Lastly, is that you wont be spending any time with your family or friends. Like when I got x-box live, I couldn’t get off of it. I was addicted to it. And when my family got our new computer, my older sister couldn’t get off of it. She would spend all day and all night on it. Now, if parents take the computer away from kids they will have more time to exercises more time to enjoy nature, and more time with family and friends. Computers are not good toward society."	4	4	8
100	"Dear local news papers, I'm writing to tell you that people on the computer is not a bad thing. Would you enjoy being bord? Or to enter tained while learning something? Being on the computer helps with hand eye coordination, you can learn about amazing places, and even talk friends. Hand eye cordination is good because it good. Save millions of people in war for example my grandpa went into the @ORGANIZATION1 and @NUM1 people were firing at him but he had good hand eye cordination from the computer go it saved his life less people will get hurt like getting your hand gramed in the car door. There would be more to do. The more something just as important as hand eye cordination is learning! On the internet you can learn about anything and everything. if you learn about far away places you will be able to widen your conversation people will think your smarter and you'll feel good, not only what other people think you sin truelly get smarter. Most importantly you can talk to friends! If you are taking so your friends it can build up your self asteam and when you go to school you'll social did you know @PERCENT1 of people do better in school if they comunicate online? Don't you wish every day you could be proud of your self? Well talking online helps! This is why im writing to you to share all my ideas and concerns. I hope you concider them and share them with the rest of the world."	4	3	7
101	"Dear trained @ORGANIZATION1 reader, @CAPS1! Ah, I love hearing my computer thunk on when I wake up. Such a lovely sound. Some people feel the need to disagree and say computers are bad for people. But, I feel the computer is a magnificent invention. All that @CAPS2 will help improve hand-eye cordination, you can look up anything in the world, and you can even meet new people and keep in touch with faraway friends. The world is just a click away! What's this? You need to write a paper on how to play baseball and improve your pitching skills at the same time? No need to worry, you can just type that paper up on the computer! This is one of the many perks of owning a computer. @CAPS2 a paper is so much faster than writing @CAPS3 by hand. Studies show that @CAPS2 a paper is @PERCENT1 faster than writing @CAPS3 out. Even @PERSON1, and handwriting enthusiest, says ""@CAPS2 is so much easier than having to write! I type all my books proper handwriting."" @CAPS3's been said by officials that most hand-writen lovers are converting to @CAPS2 for better hand-eye cordination. If @CAPS3's used by the people that oppose @CAPS3, @CAPS3's gotta be great! Let's say your doing a project on panda bears, but you don't know anything about them. What do you do? Search @CAPS3 up on @CAPS4.com of course! @CAPS4.com is a bounty of information, serving up marsels of links for any-and every-topic. I remember this one time I had a big report to write but I didn't know anything about the subject. So what solved my problem? @CAPS4! @CAPS3's been proven that @PERCENT2 of information found on @CAPS4 is true. You know what else on the computer can help you with information? Just about any domain name on the web. Just type what your looking for, add .com at the end and @CAPS5! all the information you could need. Hm, what else can the computer help with? I know. Your friend that moved away, you can send her a message and get back in touch. Or, if you don't like your friend that moved away, you can meet new people. For example, @LOCATION1 is a sight designed to match people up for romantic relations. So maybe you don't like computers. Oh well, all I can tell you is that your missing a lot. Great hand-eye cordination, magnificent information, and colorful people like I said, the world is just a click away!"	5	5	10
102	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, Computers are a helpful advantage in the @CAPS4's life. It offers and contributes many ideas and actions. Computers help people find a nice spot to travel. Also it helps people meet or make @CAPS1 friends. A computer is another way for people to get thier hand-eye cordination better. Computers are very helpfull in a humans life. Computers are usefull when trying to explore @CAPS1 places. One can book a flight anywhere in a matter of minits on a computer. How else would it be possible to travel somplace far away without booking a flight on a computer. Next, computers help learn about different coltures. Once one has booked reservations to a certain travel spot on thier computer, they will learn much about the unfamiliar land they have went to. My family has gone to many different areas around the world. The trips would not have been possible without help researching and making flights with the computers. The computer makes it possible to experience to territorys. It is a key item when someone is looking to travel. A computer is emensly important when trying to communicate with friends. People can meet and make friends very simply using websites such as facebook on the computer. Facebook creats friendship very easily. I recently waited to get to know a students better. I looked him up on facebook and now we are aqetances. Next, programs on the computers such as A.I.M. help people communicate about anything such as homework to other personal topics. Lastly, if one wants to get to know another better he or she can look at thier blog. They @MONTH1 start to talk and become good friends. Computers are usfull when trying to comunicate or find friends. Computers not only help with travel and friends but it also helps with ones hand eye cordination. Typing letters while looking at a screen is using the hand eye coordination. This action can help with sports. For example in baseball one must have a good hand eye cordination to help catch and hit the ball. Secondly, with hand eye cordination getting better with the computer. it helps kids fit in. If one has good hand eye cordination they can play sports are make friends. If one becomes good with hand eye cordination and typeing they will be able to get a job writing for a newspaper or a book. Hand eye cordination and typing with computers can lead to a succesfull life. Computers in an @CAPS5 life can help in the long run. It will help with travel plans, friends, and hand eye cordination."	5	5	10
103	"I think computers are bad because people use them all the time to go on facebook and other wedsites that are sometimes wast of time. People should not go on the computer as much and explore outside and go for walks, explore the woods, exersise most people do not get alot of exersise that they need because there an the computers. People showed stop making computers so less people go on them and so people can exersise more and loss weight. If people stop making computers some people would stop going on bad wedsites. People should only go on the computer for reasurch for projects or for homework liketyping papers. Parentent and kids need to exersise to stay healthy because people do not wnat diebedes when they are young so it really important to exersise so bad things do not happen to your body people need to stay healthy and exersise. All the computer deos is mess up your brain so you do not exersise. So get off the computer exersise, explore outside, go on walks, and explore the wood you never know what you will find in the woods. Go see what you can find. There will be some interesting things you will find like different kinds of bugs and of insects. You might even find a lady bug. There is all diffrent kinds of bees and you might find one that looks like something. So go outside and explore you will never know what you will find. Go for walkts you will never know what you will find and different kinds of houses and the colors of the house the diffrent kinds of front doors, diffrent kinds of houses like small, meddiem, and large. Some house will have diffrent color. The diffrent kinds of animals like dogs and cats that are in the window or outside. You should go hangout outside. You should go hangout outside with family, friends or both and look at the diffrent stuff in nature. Made you can talk pictures and make a scrap book out of the pictures. Make go in the woods and wake around. Just get out and exersise and you would think to yoruself I should get out and exersise more afften instead of being on the computer because I am having more fun hanging out with friends and family and I am doing exersise at the same time instead of being on the computer. In plus the computer was getting boring."	4	4	8
104	"Do the members of this well-known and captivating newspaper think that the effects of people owning a computer are good or bad? Well, if you think negatively about computers and how they effect people, I would like to politely disagree. I'm certain I could sway you to agree with me too. Computers are positive for many reasons. The internet and other resources can be used for school, work, and other questions, the computer gives people something to do when otherwise they have nothing, and it allows people to talk to others online. There are many great effects computers have on and for people. Everybody has questions, wouldn't you agree? And more often than not, people don't know the answer right off the top of their head. Research is the key to answering questions. But who has time to go to the library and spend hours searching for an answer that would take a matter of seconds to find on the computer? Not every student, employee, or other person can spend that time looking for an answer. There are far too many other things to do! The internet on the computer allows people to find an answer quickly. This can actually improve people's knowledge, and their performance at work or school. You can see here the positive effects of a computer. Have any of you ever been bored? I'm certain that you have. Everyone gets bored. Instead of sitting around doing nothing, people can go on the computer and to many activities. Contrary to some people's beliefs, this can be an excellent way to spend, not waste time. There are all sorts of educational games and mind-buggling puzzles to do on the computer. I'm certain you can see how much better these things are than sitting in front of the. The effects are positive, because your brain is challenged, and your boredom has vanished. Also, hand-eye coordination can be greatly improved by doing activities. These are so many positivities about the computers effect in people's boredom! People have friends, and it is only human to want to keep in close contact with them. But what if a close friend moves away? You don't want to lose that friendship right? People can write letters to each other, but that can be time consuming, and show to delivery and response. And the positive effect of a computer is it allows you to keep in contact online with friends and family instant messaging and email. both great resources for talking with others. Computers can keep friends together and save families from drifting apart. It is also good for couples or parents to keep in touch with their partner or children if they are away. These are all positive effects don't you agree? As you can see, I feel strongly that the computer has positive effects on people. It's good for research, it's something to do when someone is truly bored, and it enables friends and family to stay close via online communication. I strongly urge you to change your opinion from negative to positive about the effects of computers. Everyone can choose their own opinions. but I know you'll prove wise and agree with me!"	4	5	9
105	"Dear Local Newspaper, I have herd that some people do not agree that computer benefit our society. Well in this letter I am going to give you three reasons how computers do benefit our society. Those reasons are @NUM1) People have friends and family in other states @NUM2) some people use them to stay organized And @NUM3) Computers help you learn more. I hope that by the end of this letter you will see that computers do benefit our society. First of all, I think that computers benefit our society because @CAPS7 lets people @CAPS3 in contract with family and friends in other states. This is true that you could use the phone and call them out you have to pay for long distance. You don't have to pay anything to email somebody. I know from experience because, I have friends and family in a lot of states in the @LOCATION1 ""@CAPS1 computers help me stay in contact with my family all over"" @PERSON3 ( @ORGANIZATION1 ) @CAPS2 many people use the computer the contact with loved ones everyday. Some people even on them to stay in touch with family or at war. Next I believe that computers benefit society because @CAPS7 keeps people organized. I know this many not seem like a big deal but a lot of people or computers to @CAPS3 things organized @CAPS2 they know how everything is would happen if didn't have computers to @CAPS3 all of the appointment in? Well I will tell you what would happen to @CAPS3 all would end appointment would @CAPS3 giving you things you already got. ""I @CAPS3 @CAPS4 on my computers - @PERSON1 And @CAPS5, I strongly belive that computers benefit our society because they help people learn more. Yes @CAPS7 is right that not everybody goes on the computers to learn but that doesn't mean they don't learn. Here's a cuple examples is @NUM1) @CAPS6 - @CAPS7 lets you learn song lyrics, dance moves and more (@NUM2) @CAPS8 - @CAPS7 lets you learn what other people like, don't like and @CAPS2 on. Then there is face book, @CAPS7 lets you see what people are doing that day. ""People learn everything to the computer"" @CAPS9 @PERSON2. Now I hope you see that computers don't benefit our society than that is your opinion. I hope you see what I see now."	5	4	9
106	"Dear Local Newspaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2 is great concern about computers and wether or not people spend to much time sitting infront of the screen or not. I believe that people should be more aware of the time they are in the computers. Instead of ruining your eyes you should be exercising, enjoying, and being with family and friends. Exercising is a major part of every persons life and if you don't get enough of it you could become obeise. Obeisity @MONTH1 cause people to not like you or think that you are a slob. Although you might say that you don't care what others think, but in the long run it might be a mistake if you think this way. exercise will most likely rid you of almost any type of discrimination because you will look no different or even better than the average person. If you ever get the chance get a telescope and set it up in a spot where you can see the stars at night. Instead of keeping your eyes glued to the computer on a nice, sunny joy, go for a walk in the woods. As you can see, nature is much more beautiful than hundreds of tiny tots of colors forming an image of nature. If you find an image of a beautiful plant, why not go and see or feel the plant 'in person? Many programs are now available on computers that let you see people, but wouldn't you rather talk to him or her in real life? I sure would and I think most other people would as well. @PERCENT1 of the population of @LOCATION1 said that they would much rather talk to friends or relatives in person than on a computer screen. I feel that however possible, you should always talk to people in person and not through cameras and wires. I hope I have made myself clear that exercising, nature, and people in real life are all much better options than being in front of a computer for the rest of your life."	4	4	8
107	"Dear local Newspaper, I think people using a computer has a effect. using a computer can help people in many ways. You can talk to people world wide, it helps you stay organized, and you can create very useful things like a or a power point using a computer. Talking to people world wide can be a very useful thing. Say that you have family members that live in @LOCATION1 or @LOCATION2 you can keep in touch with them by e-mail or video chat. Also, if there is a national and nedds to talk to the other, governers around the world for advices help he can do that quickly and easily. Using a computer can also help you stay organized. For example my uncle helps file takes computer to make sure all of the files get saved and they are in the light places. Imagine all of the papers and space he would use if he had to do by hand or didnt use a computer. Computers also help teachers. Teachers enter grades, e-mail parents, and even create test or quizes and they know it will be nice and organized in the computer files instead of in paper files on their desk. Speaking of quizzes that teachers make on the computer, they can also make alot of other things like power points. Power points can help them put alot of information on the screen and it helps the students learn, which is a positive effect. If you had a small business that just started out you can make a brochure to help advertising. Lastily, you can go on microsoft excel and make a schedule that can help your employees know who has to work when, or students can know what class they have to be in at what time. In conclusion, computers are very helpful in everyday for alot of different people. Talking to worldwide can help you stay in, so you dont lose connection with your. They also have effect they help business people stay organized. Lastly, they can help teachers create test or powerpoints which helps kids learn. So in all, I would have to agree that computers have a positive effect on society. Also, doesn't typeing your newspaper articles make it more organized and quicker to print them?"	4	4	8
108	"I think computers are good, because some people dont have phones so @CAPS1 a good way to conect with people you know, also meet new people. Second some people are going to collage when there done with high school so you could just look on the computers and find one you like and pricess, also find ways there. Third reason is ahopping if a holiday is coming up you could check online and find stuff for cheap and nice to you. You could also order it to your house online if you dont got alot of time to go shopping. @CAPS1 some reasons why I think online is good you could chat, find places and pricess, collages and also shop online @CAPS1 why online is good."	2	2	4
109	"Some experts are concerned about people using computers and not enjoying nature and going outside. In my opinion people should use the computers but not a lot. It's @CAPS1 to use the computer to chat with freinds, search some stuff you never seen. I say this because some people get addicted to computer games, or talking to your freinds the whole day. Next reason is to go outside, you can enjoy more stuff like sports, tag, and other activities. Instead of talking to a freind on the computer go to the park and talk or invite them over to you house. Another reason why I the exports are right about people and computers is to learn about nature and learn how to do things. I hope you have found my interduction good and reading on. My first reason is people getting addicted to computer games and other computer fetures. The reason I say this is because some people do get addicted on computer, it's @CAPS1 to go on it some time's but not to much. It is better to go outside you got fresh air its nice and cold. If you have a dog you should take for a walk or walk with your freinds. My next reason is going outside playing sports or running alround playing tag. Instead of using you could go to the park to play basketball or baseball. There are so many fun thing's you can do outside. You should go to your school and tryout for any sport that your good at. That way when you get bored there is always something to do, instead of being home all day. The last reason why I perfer nature over computers is learning on how to do something. It's better to learn stuff in real life than in computer's. Your dad can teach you how stick bricks together to make a chimny, or on how to use a lawn mower to cut other peoples yard's to make money. "	4	4	8
110	"Dear newspaper, @CAPS1 people think that computers are a waste of time and that they are dangerous. Yes computers can be dangerous but they can also help you in @CAPS1 diffrent ways. Such as paying bills on line or planin vacation and even attending collage classes. For @CAPS1 people bills are a strugle. They are an incovenienc and there are way to @CAPS1 of them. If you think about it @CAPS1 people work all day on some time all night, wouldn't it be nice to come home and have all your bills payed? Well one way you can do that is from a computers, computers have @CAPS1 programs that can help you pay your bills faster so that when you come home you can relax and enjy you free time. Computers are also good for planing vactions. @CAPS1 people each year use on line programs to plan there vacations and trips, for example my family and I planed a trip to @LOCATION1 in the @DATE1 of @NUM1. When we get to the airport we had first class tikets and a ride wateing when we got of the plain that @DATE1 was the best so far. Going into a new generation @CAPS1 people are starting to take on line colleg classes do to the fact that they work or have a kid at home these @CAPS2 are good for people with jobs because they are short and you learn alot. A computer is very helpful for taking these classes because if you did not have one it would incible you from taking the class. A computer is a great thing to have for all these things. So if your a mother of a worker and you would like to go back to school you should consider taking on line colleg classes. And if your family wants a vacation you should try out one of the @CAPS1 programs the enternet has for travling."	4	4	8
111	"Dear local newspaper, I do agree that computers have impacted human society greatly. Therefore, my opinion is that is @MONTH1 be one of the greatest inventions. I would say this because there are different help programs or websites that @MONTH1 help people in everyday life. Especially students have the ability to study from education webpages. Also, people are able to communicate online. Lastly, you are able to type stories instead of hand-writing them. Having the advantage to study online is great. Different websites with tons of information and true facts @MONTH1 really affect grades of most students. Did you know about @PERCENT1 of the @LOCATION1 go on educational websites for information for writing, whether it's an essay or non-fiction story? Thanks to computers, there is a great chance students @MONTH1 receive a passing grade. Communication online has made huge impact worldwide. Whether you use facebook, @CAPS1, @ORGANIZATION1 etc., communicating with family or friends is fantastic. For example, I use facebook and I love talking to my family down in @LOCATION2, whom I see about once every couple years. Online communication has affected people because there is an easier way to talk to other instantly. Just a push of a button, and you have immediate communication with someone. Finally, people have the ability to type on a program if they wanted to type a letter or story. For instance, if you use microsoft word, you can type up whatever you want. This has effected people because it is a faster ans easier way to write. Therefore, if you finish earlier than you would have if you typed it, you would have extra leisure time, or more time to get the rest of your work done. Also, it is easy for me because I type like the wind; after practice, of course. In conclusion, the invention of computers helped and still do help society in many ways. But, the three ways that i have chosen to tell you about in this letter, I feel, have impacted us the most. I hope this helps you with you questions about how computers effected people. Thank you for taking time to read my letter. Have a good day."	5	5	10
112	"To whom this @MONTH1 concern Computers are a great source of technology, but many people spend to much time on them. People don't get to see the out-side world because they are to ""busy"" on their computers, and use them to find things or play games that they can do just outside in the fresh air. Computers are and people spend to much time on them instead of having an outdoor experience, exercising, and talk and bonding with their family and friends. First of all, people don't enjoy nature as much as they enjoy their computers. When you're stuck in side school or work, you don't get to go outside and see the natural beauty of nature, so when you get out take @NUM1 minutes or so to go and enjoy the wilderness. You don't have to go outside every day, but once in a while it feels good to get out and explore the world. Expecially when you had a little break and what to be alone, in nature, you can get away and lose your stress. Some @MONTH1 say you can enjoy nature and explore new places online, and yes you wouldn't you want to do it first-hand? You don't get the real experience by just looking at pictures. You have to be their and explore it by yourself. In nature there is always some thing new. Secondly, when you are on your computer, you didn't doing anything your body, you need to go exercise. Fresh air is good for you, you. Spending most of your time on your computer, you don't spend time with your family and friends. Family is the most important thing in your life, and as you get older, the time you have with your family get less and less. You also @MONTH1 see you friends in school or at work everyday but you don't really get to sit and ""catch up"" with each other. Online their are programs where you can chat with friends and family, but wouldn't you want to see them personaly, especially if you don't see them everyweek. It's a better experience and you made many more moments. Just going out far which or even going on a run can give you time with your loved ones. In conclusion, people spend to much time on their computers. They don't get to experience the outside world and the wonders of nature. The more on their computers, the less exercise they get and less fresh air. Family and friends some of the greatest things in your life, dont get to bond with you,. Computers are good for using spread sheets and typing essays, but they aren't good for you to spend all your time on, mailing it, and missing out on the adventures your life will venture through"	5	5	10
113	"Dear local @CAPS1, @CAPS2 people have been using computers for years. But @CAPS3 it good for there health. Were not thinking about what power teens have with the internet. If you need info. We have lots of great books. If we need communication we have phones. We need to go outside and exercise. @CAPS3 the computer another reason why america @CAPS3 becoming obese? First, teens can do harmful stuff on the internet to themselves or others. People have invented facebook and myspace. Almost every teen in america has a facebook. Did you know that theres cyberbullying now. People have humiliated others on the internet. How do we know that the person were talking to @CAPS3 who he/she say's he/she @CAPS3? Teens give away to much info of themselves, some have gone missing from such an action. The internet @CAPS3 a powerful weapon, but can teens handle this kind of power? Next, although the computer @CAPS3 a convient device. @CAPS3 it not true that we have something called books. We cant believe everything that @CAPS3 said on the computer . We can get all that we need and more off of books. People lived in the middle ages without computers, but with books. Why can we. Have we grown lazy to do such a thing as to get up and look through a book. Finaly, if communication we seek, then why not a simple text or call. we go through all the trouble of turning on and opening pages just to chat online. We have become lazy because of device's that have all we need in our homes. sure its a good thing but dont forget a bad one to. It seems like the computer @CAPS3 another reason for america growing obese. We need to get up walk, hang out with friends, do sports. But how can we when were adicted to computers. It's like a powerful drug. To conclude I think computers are not good for us. Teens with the power of facebook. Fake and dangerous info when we have book. Lastly, our own health. At this point I ask you, @CAPS3 the computer worth everything we think it @CAPS3? No, it @CAPS3 not."	4	5	9
114	"The computer is a great achivement of man. It is very useful for finding information fast, and has many other capabilities. Even though computers are every useful tool in the modern world. It has negatively afect to people. People aren't getting enough exercise because they are always on the computer. Along with that they are being socialy active. The lost and probably most negative effect is the exesive amount of freedom people get on the internet. Exercise is probably are one of the most important thing to live along and healthy life. People should be atleast taking along walk everyday. If people are sitting infront of a all day there will be much moreover people. People shold be for healthy life style, not with computers around every corner. People are also losing the ability to interact. Life is becoming dull. Every one is either texting someone. The biggest surprise is that there is online dating. This is horrible because you might be dating some crazy person. If someone think there inlove and when the cople meets the dont know how to interact, then there is a real problems. Even when you are just on the computer. You could use that time to socialize with friends and family. Last is the emerce amount of freedom that any are has with computers. There are lots of bullies people who want to sell you stuff, and people who want your personal info. Many kids sign up for something like facebook, but they're not cairful. They put staff like there adress and don't pay attention who how is sending them friend request. Computers have way to much negative effectson people. It would be great if some how the system could be improved, and people need to be more responsible. People should wont to get out and interact. Take a walk. Just dont let computers control your life."	4	4	8
115	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, In the past ten years, advances in technology have completely changed the world. Technology makes peoples lives much easier and helps keep more and more people connected throughout the world. More jobs are created and help speed up ordinary events such as taxes, messages, news, and teaching. However, many people have proven that too much use of technology can make teens and adults addicted to the internet. In this addiction many people can lose time with their family, time to exercise and enjoy nature. Since being part of the generation growing up in the new technology era, I have had a first hand experience with the benifits of the new technology. I believe that this technology is a great help to society today. Many more jobs are being created because of this technology. For example, think about how many people could be employed if a new computer system was created. There would be thousands of people working on many things such as the founder, manager, creater of new ideas or just working at the new companies retail store. Running a business or a corporation is a very difficult job to do. But because of the advances in technology, running a business can become much easier and not as much time is wasted. With the new technology, people can send emails within seconds instead of running around the entire office giving out memos. Also for businesses, their stocks of the company can be updated every minute. These advances will make easier to run and make them more efficent. With the advances in technology average people can be updated on the new around the world every minute. Also when it comes time to pay taxes, fill them out and pay on line. None the less, there is more entertainment open to everyone. Through todays new technology, peoples lives are made much easier. They can work faster, get more arrands accomplished, learn more, connect to people around the world, and be caught up with local and international news. Technology is benifiting society and will hopefully continue making life easier."	4	4	8
116	"To whom it @MONTH1 concern; I am writing this to let you know how I feel about the effects computers have on people. My opinion on this topic is; I think that both statements are true, yes they give people the ability to learn about faraway places & people & also allow people to talk on line with others. If we did not have computers I would not have finfished many of my school process and homeworks. But the experts who are spending too much time on thier computers & less time exercising enjoying nature & interacting with family and friends. I know this is true because I know some peopel who have gotten addicted to online video games & wouldn't leave the computer for hours & I know I myself have found new website & want to learn all about it so I'll be on the computer instead of exercising. But even with both statement being true; I do not think computers efefcet on people. Because without computers alot more students would be failing classes & getting zeros// @CAPS1's on projects; class asignments & homework. Becayse they dont have a quick way to look up all their information. Also most families or friends will lose contact because they lost a fun way to communicate. i think computers have a positive effect. Don't you?"	3	3	6
117	"Dear @LOCATION1, I want you to imagine it's a beautiful @DATE1 day. The birds are chirping, the smell of beautiful flowers are filling the air, but instead of playing outside with your neighbors, you are inside trying to master the unbeatable game cubefield on the computer. Computers have had a negative impact on today's society. When people are engrossect with whatever they @MONTH1 be doing on the computer they become very lazy, they lose the motivation to go out and exercise, people also lose intrest in helping around the community. This is why computers have a negative impact on todays society. Statics shows that @PERCENT1 of people would rather stay instead on the computer then out and about helping and working around their neighboorhood. Computers have had such a negative impact it makes people want to stay glued to their chairs with their eyes glued to their monitors. Yes computers have had a lot to do with a lot of technical advances, but at what cost do these technological advances come? Many kids are becoming obese and lack my motivation to come out of their room off of the computer. Computers are making society very lazy this is why they have a negative impact on us. Computers have also made society lack motivation to go and exercise. A very close family friend was very obese. She was lazy and never wanted to exercise. Instead of going out and doing something about it, she stayed in her room on facebook for weeks at a time. Though the computer wasnt the one who made her obese, it was used as a much to hide behind the real problems. It is sad when @PERCENT2 of teenagers say they would rather stay inside on myspace than going outside for a jogg. Yes its true computers helps you learn things you @MONTH1 not have known before, but so do books, newspapers and magazines. Computers have had a negative impact on society. Helping out in your community provides many opportunties to meet new people, and it feel a sense of accomplishment. But the urge to stay in on the computer clouds your better judgement. I know that I would rather help the elemntry school across the street build a new garden rather than stay inside on twitter. If you are inside searching the web how will you know if the old lady across the street needs help with her groceries? Helping around your community lets people know you care about whats going on. So dont let the computer have another second of your time. Computers have had a negative impact on society. Teenagers as well as adults have become very lazy. They lack motivation to exercise as well as help around the community. Now its your turn don't just stare at your computer screen absent mindley. Go out and toss the ball along with the neighbors dog. Youve heard the facts now make the right decision."	6	5	11
118	"Dear @CAPS1, Computers play a huge role in society. Many adults and children spend a lot of time on a computer every day and I think that is bad. Instead of being on computers, I think it would be best to spend time with your family. Exercising and enjoying the outdoors is also a good time consuming activity to do. Studying, school work, and jobs are also important things people should be doing instead of being on the computer so much. Family is very important in life and some people take advantage of it. Instead of being on the computer all day, spending home with family and doing activities with them could be more fun. For example, most teenagers come home from school and go on this computer to talk to friends or play games instead of talking with this parents about this day or anything. By spending time with family you not only learn more about them but you can become closer and be able to talk with them about anything. Nature is a beautiful thing. Sure you can see pictures of nature on the internet, but! is is not the same as the actual thing. By outside, and enjoying nature, taking walks, runs, or even hikes, you can get your exercise. Exercising is a very important thing in a persons life, because you need to be fit to be healthy, and by being on a computer all the would happen. Adults, and even some teenagers have jobs in. While some jobs involve computers, most do not. No one can get in job by spending all day on the computer playing games. I talking to people. Teenagers well and do while playing game talking to. Computer are all the time. There are plenty of important activities, such as, spending time with family, enjoying nature, and school work and jobs. Computer are not necisity. We lives, so I think use should using them"	4	4	8
119	"Dear Local Newspaper, I think computers have a negative effect on people. One reason I think this is because people need exercis. They shouldn't be sitting at a desk all day playing games on the computer. Especially kids should be outside playing and exercising. More and more people will become obess if all they do is sit at a computer all day and eat junk food. If more people execis more people will start eating the right food and many people will be much healthier and live healthier and happier lives. My second reason on why I think computers are negative is some kids @MONTH1 get cyberbullied. This is when someone gets bullied online. Kids do this so they don't have to say it in person and they could say anything they want and the other person @MONTH1 not even know who it is. Another thing is kids @MONTH1 meet someone they don't know and think is nice but you don't know who he really is. He could make you, by tricking you, do stuff that normally you wouldn't do cause you think he's your age or he likes you. Many girls have gotten taken because of this. My last reason is people could miss out on fun activities, with family or friends like going swimming in the @DATE1 or sleding in the winter. If your home at the computer you can't do fun activities outside and exercis while doing it. Theses are my reasons I think computers have a negative effect on people."	4	4	8
120	"Dear local Newspaper, In my opinion computers are a help to our plant. The new technology makes life easier to handle. The computer are a help because it teaches hand-eye coordination. You can talk to people, and it is a new way to be entertained. Computers can teache hand-eye coordination because of typing. Whether someone knows it or not when you are typing fast it is help you hands. Also the fact you that if your typing without making is also helping because it makes your hand easier to move. The typing is giving your hand lots of exersise because your hands are moving all over the place. The more you move them the more excersise you can get. Computers can really help hand-eye coordination alot. Computers can also help by talking to people. To talk to people far away is better to talk to on the computer because if you have a webcam you can see each other. You are able to talk to people from different countries. Also computers are able to be used in business meetings when a business has to talk with another from different locations. Like if part of the business is doing a project in hong kong, then the boss can set up a meeting to see how it is going. Another way to use computers to talk to people is to speak with a person you are not able to see in person. Like if a oerson is in the hospital but you're not able to go, then you can talk while seeing each other throw the computer. Computers are a great way to use in communication. Computer are also a new way to get entertained. They can entertain you because there is games that you can play. There are games that come with the computers and a lot of games on the internet. Other they being bored all the time you can play thousands of game with just a click on a mouse. Also to not be bored you can watch videos like youtube. You can listen te musicor watch comedy videos. Video also show a way do express what you feel and sat it in comedy, horror, or sad videos. Also for teenagers there is ways to talk to their friends like facebook. On the website you can talk with anyone on your friends list. In the end computer can help kids, adults, or teenagers. With just a clicking your mouse you can find a new powerful way of technology. And be able to got better hand-eye coordination talk to people and get entertained. So go get yourself a computer and amazed!"	4	5	9
121	"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 you ever see a child on the computer for hours and nothing could get them off? Well I believe that this is very harmful for the child since it doesn't allow them to exersice, interact face to face with people or use their minds to the best of their @NUM1. The more and more we advance in society we get laziar and forget to about these essential things. I think taking a step back from using computers could benefit society more than using them. Obesity in the @LOCATION2 is at its highest @PERCENT1 of kids in the @LOCATION3 agree that they only exersice once a week and would rather spend time on the computer. Think of this, @PERCENT1 of kids. Thats more than @NUM2 of @CAPS2 children. I took the and compared it in @CAPS3 children who don't the benefit of this technology. I learned that @PERCENT1 of children there exersice only once a week. That's for less what these computers are doing to @LOCATION3 @PERCENT2 of children are overweight and @PERCENT3 of them develope heart of blood problems as adults. I by exercise in to go and play with friends or bike, or go for a jog. It doesn't sound hard does it? If we make a to spend this than on computers I think we can reduce this obesity amount and I believe @CAPS2 ran as on overall country. On the computer we have popular websites like @CAPS5, @CAPS6, and @CAPS7. More websites allow you interact with people over the island. This could be in more ways than one. These computer websites are allowing anyone to talk in people who could have the interest in mind. More than @NUM3 out of @NUM4 people in my school say they have one of these accounts and have personal posted on them. With this personal info, could and with these websites the crime rate has gone up @PERCENT4. Also, these websites cause people to their social skills. People spend hours on these websites talking to people and forget how to talk face to face. @PERCENT2 of @LOCATION1 students say they would say something online that they wouldn't say to someone's face. This creates more problems in schools and could possibly make someone hurt someone else or themselves. I've heard all over the news about suicides and because of computers and I believe with less of them people would spend more time with their family and or nation would be closer and safer. Computers dont allow you to explore nature and use your mind to the best of its ability. Computers make it easy and I myself, think it makes me laziar because it allow me to read a book there or read about other people, instead of going to a library and getting a book. Computers take away time to actually use your mind and problem solve in real life solution. There's years and I've learned I can be on the computer for hours playing them and not realize it at all. Without them, would make a difference. Kids are living through computers and we can change them."	5	5	10
122	"Dear, local newpaper @CAPS1 it's true technology is blinding everyone. More and more people are being sucked into electronics and less people are caring about our planet. Their are so many great things out there that could be put at risk. People @MONTH1 say that if you spend allot of time on the computer they would be able to find cure's for the deseases out there. Those are just lies to stay lasy and waste their life on the computer. What is going to happen to all of the sports in the world. The players are going to get old and they will retire and if no one is going to take their place then the games would be cancled. I am a big fan of football and I don't want to see it ge cancled. Some of my friends are saying they are addicted to the computer and I always hope they get out of that habit because what's going to happen when they get older they are going to need a @CAPS2. If they stay addicted they won't want a @CAPS2 and they what they won't have money, they can't pay bills, and they would lose their house. Why do people say they could find cures for things by looking on the computer we all know that's not true. They need to learn about them first not by just looking on the computer. They @MONTH1 not want to but they would have to look in books and do some heavey thinking before they can find the cures. I hope the ways of life change really fast because things can get really bad. If we do stop this way of life then things could get better and then our planet @CAPS3 will stay around longer and we could make the a better place."	4	4	8
123	"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 you know how long you go on the computer for? Well get up and go outside. Thats one of my reasons why I think people spend to much time on it my other reason is your eyesit can go bad. Its a nice sunny day dont wast your time on the computer! Go outside! All, kids @CAPS1 is sit on the computer all day not getting exercis. Did you know @NUM1 out of @NUM2 kids that sit on the computers all day gain at least @NUM3? @PERSON1 told me that. I mean I believe him because its true kids dont get up.There missing a nice day out would you wanna miss a nice sunny day? My finall reason is kids eyesight can go bad. I mean having them stare at a screen all day, thats bad. @PERSON1 told me if your on the computer for @NUM4 hours on the computer for @NUM4 hours straight your eyes can get worst. I remember a tiny when I was on the computer for @NUM4 1/@NUM4 hours my eyes were killing me everything I blink. I know the computer is fun playing games, talking to friends but you should take a break and @CAPS1 something ples. In conclusion just go outside and have fun! @CAPS1 you want to wast a nice sunny day by staying in doors hurting your eyes? I know I @CAPS1!"	3	4	7
124	Do you like going on the computer? Well after you read this I don't thing you would want to. I know that the population of @ORGANIZATION1 uses the computer. If your on the computer for @NUM1 hr. yo can damiges your eye and you would have to were glass and you don't want that soemtimes it's hart to stay off of them. The internet can be for alot for things like to talk to your friends and family. And to play games. the computer is for to about diferent things one thing you can learn is the presidents other thing is your family history. Now you know what the computer can do to you. Only use computer or @NUM2 or @NUM3 mins. That is what I would do.	3	3	6
125	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 I think that computer have bad effects on people. The first reason why I think this is because people in the world are becoming less healthy kids and adults should stay @CAPS3 more. Kids and parents should only be aloud @NUM1 @CAPS4 on the computer then go outside. Computers are not so bad because @CAPS5 is helpful for looking up information but @CAPS5 is harmful @CAPS5 u abuse @CAPS5 kids play games on the computers and @CAPS5 damages there eyes and @CAPS5 makes them lazy. Also going outside there are lots of things to do instead of talking with your friend on the computer you should call your friend ask him to come over play games outside. @CAPS6 this continues lots of kids will be fit and @CAPS3. The second reason why computers are bad is because of what people past on the computer about other people. Do not ever put something put something bad up on the computer because sometimes they are deep secrets and million of people will see @CAPS5 and that person might be teased and laughed at. And really the computer could do horrible things @CAPS6 you and this person are freinds @CAPS5 could break you guys forever. The final reason why the computer is not good is because people are dieing from overweight there is several teams that are on comercials saying that kids and adults @CAPS7 up and be @CAPS3 @CAPS6 @CAPS5 wernt for theese heros much much more kids would die faster, when kids die they look at whats in side of them and scientest found big fat chunks around the kids heart. Well thats my theory I hope all of you listen to my advice @CAPS7 up shut the computer of and @CAPS7 @CAPS3."	4	4	8
126	"I am writing this article to inform you on how most people are spending their time an computers. In this article I am going to tell you about computers and what people are doing with them these days. Some people use their computers for business of work related. But then again these are people that use them for entertainment and other social things. These are the people that just sit on the computer all day. What they could be doing is enjoying life. Going outside and getting fresh air. But no they want to sit inside all day long on the computer. Now is why do people want to stay inside all day long on the computer some people are constantly on their social websites. Such as @CAPS1 or @CAPS2. They are obsessed so thoes are teo websites that are very addicting to some people. and then these are the people who just like looking things up. Then lastly just get off, go spend time with your family the computer will always be there. And use the computer only when you need to. Yeah its fun to go look up things for your entertainment. But all things are good in moderation. So I hope you will listen and also agree with me I think I made my point about how much you should use computers. So thank you for listening."	3	3	6
127	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, A regular day for a person, with a computer, includes at least three hours using the computer per day. Today, people, especially teens, spend their precious hours wasting time on sites like facebook, myspace @CAPS1 and more! Just think about it, just sitting in a chair with your eyes gluded to the computer when you could be exercising, spending time with family and friends or enjoying nature? After all do we really need a computer? Obesity is one of the highest concerns in the country today. However, we can prevent it! We are certainly not helping this issue when we have childre. Adults sitting in a chair for a large part of their day doing absolutley nothing! We are so fortonate, our town has at least two physical fitness buildings for anyone can attend instead of using the computer. ANd even if you can't attend a gym you could easily walk around your neighborhood. There are running program held at our local beach, @LOCATION1, where you can exercise or even run a small competition! Please exercising is key to everybody's health and there are numerous ways to exercise, but using the computer is not one of them! Teachers, parents, children writers everyone lets stay away from the computers and stay fit! Family and friends are those who make us truly hapy but if we on the computer how are we going to see them? More and more people are making less effort to see people in person. Instead many people video chat through cameras on the computer. We need to change this habit. Everybody needs to socialize face to face. If we socialize through computers our socializing skills could worsen because you are not practicing the socializing skills like eye contatct. Instead of talking to people online we could be enjoying with those same people at an amusment park, a restaurant, at a park or simply in our barkyard/house. The world is so beautiful with so many places to see but society is too busy to see it because we're on computer for a long time. Our computers use up so much energy and is a threat to the world, @CAPS2 @CAPS3! Instaed of entertaining ourselves on computer we could be taking hikes, walks on the beach even our street or playing outside in our yard. On a computer you can see a magestic places like beaches but you can't interact with them. If we get off our computer we could be swimming at a beach or a pool! Nature is so beautiful, why ever it? @PERCENT1 of residents in @LOCATION1 own computers and spend a lot of thier day on it. We could be improving obesity, spending more time with family and friends, and exploring Nature! lets make a shange so we can do all of these things!"	5	5	10
128	"The computer effects peoplelife by taking them away from their family and have is @NUM1 reasons why the computer effect the people lives. @NUM2) They do not know what is happening outside. @NUM3) Their family @NUM1). Their job. Please listen to my reason why the computer effect people lives! My first reason their they don't know what happening out ide because they are to much busy on the computer. Their friends could of won something important and they wanted you to be their but no they are just so busy on the computer. They are going to miss out of nature or hanging out with friends. Like if they are meeting one at a place and they said they if just means they were on the computer all day long. My second reason is theie family. I said their family because they could miss out on a lot of things. Such as a family reunion, a family vacation and many more. It like if one of their family members hurt and they are trying to call you but you dont picking up the phone because you to busy on the computer to pick it up. You can lose your wife cause the computer because you forgot her birthday, her and her because you are on the stupid computer. About their kids, what happens if they want to playing they have nothing also to do card their? Say no cause you computer. They family will get rewing. My third and last reason is their job. They can lose their job cause your missed work cause your on the computer for doing nothing work cause computer. If they lose their jobs they can pay for they can't use their computer. They are going to be in their house with no light and no computer cause they have on it to much and did not pay attention was happening. They akk to feel like they are going to cause they dont have their computer. Or the computer shot doen and he cant enough money to get a electriction. Those were all ny reasons. @NUM2) they don't know what is happening outside. @NUM3) their family @NUM1) Their job. Thank you for listening to my reasons."	4	4	8
129	"Dear local news paper I think the computers benefits society. The three reason why so is because computers teach hand-eye coordination, give people the abilit to learn about faraway places, and allow people to talk onlone with other people, and computers help to make better technology. I belive that computers have positive effect on people. My first reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because computers teach hand-eye coordination, give people the abilit to learn about faraway places. @NUM1 out of @NUM2 students use the computers to do homework. I was visiting a prompt last week. I ddn't know alot abou @LOCATION1 so I whent on the computers and you know what i got to know more about @LOCATION1 and things to the computers I got a A+. So the computers have a positive effect on people. The next reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because computers allow people to talk online with other poeple. Say if a man whant to a and he left his phone at home how will he take to his family why he had computers he can talk to his family online. My family is back in @LOCATION1 I haven't see them in four years so I whant to the stor and get a wedcan and i get to see my family afdter four years. So computers do have a positive effect on people. My last reason why computers have a benefits in society is because computers help to make better technology. Computers help people to make better car, light, an so on. Without computers society is because computers help the soldiers to win wars and even help people to live. My father was dying without computer my father would die thang to computer I have father today. In the end computer have the benefits in society the three reason is computers teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway place, and computers allow people to talk online with other people and computers help people to make better technology. Spending time enjoying nature is good computers have benfits society better. I hope my three reason can persuade the local news paper to agree with my position that computer have a positive effect on people."	4	4	8
130	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, I think computers are benefitial to society even though some people don't because they give us a means of communication, computers give us the ability to learn about forein people or places, and computers help businesses in so many ways. Computers are a most have in a society. Computers give us a means of communication such as @CAPS4, @CAPS5, @CAPS6-mail, and so much more. Without the computer, families who live far away from each other can talk with a push of a button. @CAPS5 lets us talk to our friends after school and plan what we are going to do that night. Long distance calls cost money and it is not worth @MONEY1 a call if you call every couple of days. Communication has evolved so much in the past @NUM1 years. Computers are just the bigginning. That is why computers are benefitial to communication. Computers give us the ability to look up facts about forein places and people in a matter of minutes. We could look up who was the @CAPS7 of @LOCATION1 in the would get multiple sites on the @CAPS7. Computers help us expand our learning capabilities and give us a chance to learn things that normally we wouldn't. That is another reason why computers are very benefitial to the society. The last reason that supports the fact the computers are benefitial to the society is because computers help keep much of data. Work data and they help @PERCENT1 of businesses we file reports communicate with other branches of that company. I learned in class that in the job were much more difficult than they are today because of technology. Some people think that using computers deprives people of going out and exercising. It only takes @NUM2 minutes ti check your @CAPS6-mail, or look up something. Computers are benefitial to society because without computers, our lives would be much more complicated."	4	4	8
131	"Dear @LOCATION1, Have you ever found yourself thinking about the computer, or wishing you were on it? I heard you were looking to see if computers have negitive or positive effects on society. I feel that it is a negative effect because of less time exercising littele time with family or friends, and is very it's easy to became addicted to. Exercising, a very important thing for a healthy body and mind @CAPS1 have a hard enough time finding time to do this. So instead of that free time to exercise, they will probably be on facebook. Also the maintenance of the computer will take away time for exercising. Just @DATE1, my computer got a virus I had to get fixed and that took for ever. That time while I fixed it could have been valiuble exercising time. Another key point to look at is obesity. We should be up and moving not just setting and staring at a computer for @NUM1 hours at a time. I love to spend time with my friends and family. I mean who doesn't right? Computers only away from that kids well be on facebook instant of eating a nice meal with thier family. My @CAPS2 always told me stays of the (and stupid) things he @CAPS2 with his friend. Now wkids just @CAPS3 easy. We will never have the social our parents I feel if is very important to spend time with and family because you never find when your going to lose them. Addiction is a serious matter. being addicted to the computer is too. Our generation is so dependant on computers. For example, in the car with the @CAPS4. You just plug it in and it ells you where go. What happens when it braker? You will have know idea where to go because you never learned how to read a map. or what if your computer brakes? You will have to send a better by mail kids had be typing instead of writing. that skill would be lost and you would have to learn it again. As you can see, addition is a no laughing matter. Once again I must streach the negative affect of computers to. "	4	4	8
132	"Dear the @ORGANIZATION1, @PERSON1 studied that @PERCENT1 of people believe computers have a positive effec on people. You can stay in touch with realtives. Also you can entertain you over long trips. Computers have positive effects on people. Computers let you stay in otuch with realtives keep up with friens and are a good of entertainment. If you have distant realtives you can keep in touch. Video chatting lets you see someone and talk to them practically face to face from thousands of miles away. If you are sad and need to talk to somebody you are a few clicks away from being cheered up. Also if you are in the army and have a @ORGANIZATION1 baby you can watch as they take their first steps or say their. Video chatting used only way to stay in touch but also you just talk even wihtout a computer. Aim and @CAPS1 let you see whats goign on with your friends that you might see everyday or once a year at @DATE2 camp. @CAPS1 lets you keep in touch with everything thats going on with things like status updates. Aim lets youtalk with just your keyboard whre you type messages to poeple. Mabey you want to go in to town with a friends just send them a message by @CAPS1 or aim. Computers a onley for staying in touch though you can stay while you travel around. COmputers let you do so much to stay entertained over long rides or even rides. If you want to watch a movie just put in a dise or even rent on off itunes or netflicks. If you want to listen to a song download it in seconds and listen to your. Also you can even play video games on your computer. Just buy the game install it and then play. Computers are a great thing during down time and have positive effects on people. Computers let you keep in touch with family stay up to date with friends and are an excelent source of entertainment long trips or downtime. Computers are the lightbulb of the @DATE1."	5	5	10
133	"Dear @CAPS1 Newspaper, @CAPS2 though computers have many benefits, they also have many faults too. I believe that computers and the tecnology these days have many more negative features that positive. Some of those faults are it's bad for your eyes, don't spend as much time with family and excersising and the usage of going outside is less often used. Yeah, I get it that computers are very useful but they also kill your eyesight. If you haven't notested more and more kids have been getting glasses and contacts, due to the use of staring at a screen @CAPS2 day. I know more than @NUM1 kids that have glasses now, I also know that over @NUM2 parents I know now have glasses for the same exact reason. Using these computers is great for looking up your homeowrk, but if you stay on it for over an hour or @NUM3 a day you'll probibly become addicted to it and eventually you'd loose your eyesight. The usual time a kid spends on their laptop a night is about @NUM3 or @NUM5 hours and the time they spend with their family is maby an hour if the parent are lucky. Personally, I feel tecnollogy is the reason parents and kids are less connected. @CAPS2 the kids go on the computer is go on @CAPS3 or @CAPS4 and talk to friends that they see eceryday, so I don't find their friend, mostly the girls but why not just talk to them in school since you see them for @NUM6 hours everyday. The use of technology is being abused! the computers were invented for knoledge not scandeious ""webchats"" or ""@CAPS4 pages."" The world would be so much happier and mentally fit if we stuck to original idea of tecnology. Now kids don't even take a faststep outside their bedroom afterschool, its pointless! Most people even eat in their room so they can talk to people. So thats taking the parents time away from their kids. Now that you have read what I had to say about tecnology now a days, wouldn't you agree that it just takes time away from your actual life? I think it does and hope that you agree with me. "	4	4	8
134	"@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 there is alot of talking and arguing about computers. Some say they are helpful to society and others say not. As for myself I am one of those on the side of which is for computers. I think the do alot less harm than good. First of all the hand-eye cordination of the user is mostly improved over a period of time, which helps withe learning musical instruments. Also it gives a great learning ability to people, particularly student. If there were computers, for a student to do a report he/she would have to read through an encyclopedia, which takes a great amount more time than plainly looking it up on the internet. Finaly computers are great for communicating with far-away friends or family. The first subject on my agenda is the hand-eye cordination skills. These skills are the ability to work with your hand and eyes simultaniously. There is a number of impacts these skills can make. The most apparent is musical instruments. If you are trying to learn a new song to be played on guitar you must move your fingers to the notes coresponding with the screen. Another place where hand-eye cordination comes in handy is sports. One sport where hand eye cordination makes a huge impact is in football. If the ball is thrown then the wide recever must watch the ball with his eyes and make sure he puts his hands in the best position to catch the ball. I am also going to argue the vost world of learning that is provided by computers. Lets just say someone asks you who was the @NUM1 president of the @ORGANIZATION2 where would you go to find that answer? I don't know about you but I am definatley going to look it up on google (internet search engine). Also schools @CAPS1 can ask alot more of their students because they have all this information at there desposal. Lastly I would like to cover the communications abilitys that the computer puts out there. First of all let say you have a very close friend move "out-of-state" how are you going to keep in touch. You could try using phones but yet the long-distance fees have sky-rocketed over the past @NUM2 years. Did you know that if you talk long distance for @NUM3 mins a day that would be over @NUM4 a month. in todays ecconmy you need to save money not talk it all away. The internet charges no additional fees for chatting no matter how far away you are from each-other. So hopefully my letter will be able to surposs "@CAPS2'bama's failed health care bill" to at least make it somewhere in the paper. People need to know the facts about computers before they try to argue about them."	5	4	9
135	"Dear, @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 name is @CAPS2 @CAPS3 and I am a students in @ORGANIZATION1 middle school. I want to state a opinion on how computer effects people. There are many thing like games, chatrooms, socile thing. Also information for homework or for work and jobs. Well let get started @CAPS1 opinion on people using ocmputer is good, only fools don't use computers. They help you a lot like, let say I am a coole and I forgot how to do something, I'll just go on the computer and fine it and it that easy. I use a computer all @CAPS1 life and I am smart, I even help @CAPS1 mom use the comptuer sometimes. Chat room are good to you can make new friends and you can talk to family members, like your mom dad or causen if they live in a different part of the world. I talk to @CAPS1 cansen all the time not reuily a little and he live in colombia. I also talk to @CAPS1 friends on facebook to ask what was the homework sometimes. Games, games are fun when you get bored or do not have nothing to do. You can play all different kind of games like action or if you want a chenllens you can play hard games i think games like chess or sodotea. To help your brain thnk to exercise your brian. Games can help you knew the computer more like they bored, many people don't even knew how to type with out looking at the borad. I have to look at it. Well thus where same opinion I had about the computer. Even though people think it take time from exercising and interacting with people it not really time. There exercising there brian and they can interacte with people. So till next time"	3	4	7
136	"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, I believe that if you allow you self to use the @CAPS5 @CAPS2 @NUM1 minutes a day at the most that will allow you plenty of time to go outside & excersize. Useing the @CAPS5 is fine in moderation, but if you are constantly on the @CAPS5 it can't be healthy @CAPS2 You (unless its your job) you should only be on the @CAPS5 @CAPS2 @NUM1 minutes to an hour a day! So me people are on the @CAPS5 so much that they re eyes get worse & worse, Not only does it affect your physical health but it take hurts your physical @CAPS3 are some stories of blood shut eye, pink eye, or even @CAPS4 this is a very serious issue the people who are like this are called @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @CAPS7 to @CAPS8 @CAPS9 @CAPS10 over @PERCENT1 of people say they know or are someone who is a @CAPS5 addict, and scientists say in the next year that number will double or even triple. I know that people need to use the @CAPS5 @CAPS2 things such as email, projects, Ideas, or even models but really does anybody read a book anymore! "	3	3	6
137	"Most adults beileve that computers are just awaist of time and are somtimes can be addicting or bad for health. Well its true it can be bad, but it matters how you use it. There is one thing about the computer that is amazing. That is socilizing with friends, family or even strangers. You know when your parents say never talk to strangers well, you can do this saftely and harmless over the computer, and you also learn alot about life or other peoples life outside your small little town. There is another @CAPS1 perk with computers and that is keeping in touch with family or friends that live far away. My sister went to @LOCATION1 for six months, but the thing was it felt like two weeks because I was able to communicate and se pictures of here @CAPS1 @CAPS2. The last but probably the most important part is getting ahold of. People you actually really need talk to, such as friends, teachers or even people you never talk to in school. With these three advanced ways to soliaze it will always feel like your never alone which an awsome thing. There is many other things the computer is used for other than social life, and that is actuall important use, stuff you need to know or want to find out. Here is one example, everone has forgot there work at school or your office at least once in your life. Well with being able to just grab all the papers off line is easy. Just go to your teachers home page and just print your homework. Its that easy just one click and that saved you a twenty minuet ride to school. How about when your up at night wondering what the weather is going to be lik, many sunny, cold or even a glorious snow day. Well instead of waiting to find out you can just go on weather.com and see everything maps, forecast or what is going to happen hour by hour. Just like weather people always want to know breaking news. Why watch an two hour show when you can just get to the point off whats happening in this world we live in. I mean the parents have to open there eyes and seethis a buetiful thing. We should be proud of the fact that humans have created somthing so complex and intresting. There is one more topic that I know youre going to absoltly love. I mean right now your grading this in your office, well you can be grading this at home on your comfortble couch, with a fire crackling and all the peace and quiet in the worl. People work from home all the time. you can run a business from your very own living room. My father owns company and works from home most days. Its absoutly @CAPS1 be is able to take me out, spend time with the family and most importantly doing the things he loves and guess what, you can do this too. Like I keep saying its only a click away here is another topic, online banking. Do you really want to drive to the bank and sit down with that borring acountant and spend hours there, well, now you don't have to waste your time, you can type in a couple keys and boom, your on your way to see your information. That was faster then two hours i'm guessing. Yes, I believe that computers are a @CAPS1 use of time and will also help alot in the future. So the next time you log on to your comptuer do some of these things and turst me your will think exactly what I think."	6	5	11
138	"Dear @CAPS1, In my opinion I think we should use computers. The reason why I think we should use computers because @CAPS2 we need help on something, we can find it on the computer, also because sometimes that is the only way you can get in touch with someone, and sometimes people @MONTH1 have to go on the computer and check instant mail. Frist of all, I think we should use computers because @CAPS2 we need help on something we can find it on the computer. For example, @CAPS2 a student need help on homework they can go on google and look on the they doing and it will help. Also They can go on a website called http.historywork.com and that will also help that on what. Another reason why I think we should use computer because sometimes that is the only way you can get in touch with someone. When I say this I mean like @CAPS2 you have a computer connect with them on the computer. For example like @CAPS2 you have a gmail, facebook, yahoo or myspace you can talk to you friends at there. I do it all the time. Last reason why I that we should use computer is because sometimes @MONTH1 have to go on the for example @CAPS2 you @MONTH1 had important message the website and you message you. I do it why can't you. So yes I do their."	4	4	8
139	"Honestly, I totally and absolutely believe that child internet use should be cut down in the @LOCATION2, because of many reasons. And here are just a few of them. First of all, the internet can make people very obese, for example, if your friend was going to a walk to your house, but then decided to @CAPS1 you instead, he is probably not getting a lot of exercise. As a matter of fact, the leading @CAPS2 in @LOCATION1 is no longer cigarettes. It's obesity. Actually @NUM1 @CAPS3 are obese, with that number still rising. Another reason why internet use should be cut down because bullies, hacker, and terrorists. Because. And the some I believe that child in the @LOCATION2"	4	4	8
140	"Dear @CAPS1: Have you been sent a photo of a @NUM1 year old child with no clothes on? Well, if you have this is called sexting. It can be put on the computer or any type of device. People should stop using Computers more because it can lead to bad things like sexting from teens, bad for the younger kids, and teens could be, talking to someone they don't know. Lexi @NUM1, says that ""she has goting facebook texts to her cell phone of other teenage kids that are excuset"". @PERCENT1 of @LOCATION1 population teenagers have @CAPS2, @CAPS3 and @CAPS4 chat. Any of these websites can ford photos to their mobile device. This has goting out of the hand and what ever is on the computer now will be on forever. More childern under the age of @NUM3 years old are on the computer know. Where there are chat rooms were they can interact with others. For example, @PERSON1 is a childerns game that has a chating interaction, were you can talk to who ever. But, we you create this @PERSON1 you child has to give a parents email address were they have to read the following terms to chose for their child. But, most parents don't even read it . @PERCENT2 of these parents just agree to these terms and don't even read them. @PERSON2, was followed home from soccer practice when a man about @NUM4"" and around the age of @NUM5 said ""@PERSON2 come get some candy"" @PERSON2 said ""how do you know my name""? ""@CAPS5 said cause I play with you all the time"" @PERSON2 quickly ran home and @CAPS5 told his parents. @PERSON2 plays on @CAPS6 another intraction game and told this stranger @CAPS5 lives in @LOCATION2 field and @CAPS5 goes to @LOCATION2 @CAPS7. Giving strangers you information they can trace you down and find the street you live on. We need to keep our children safe and off of the computers more so sexting, and young children stay off, so kidnapping stops. Help @LOCATION1, @CAPS8 to become a safe place for our childern."	4	4	8
141	"Due to an on going debattle about weither or not computers benefit society I am writing to you to inform you of my opinion on this mater. I believe that computers have more of a benefit than they do a draw back. I believe this because. First of all, computer bring about online communication. Also computers advance and enhance learning, had to mention that computers advance emloyment. As I mentioned, computers bring about online communications. Now after reading this there must be one side running thru your head define this well online communication, include social networkinjg sites litre facebook and twitter and not to forget my space. This also includes email and blogs and some chat sites. Okay enough of that But how do these things inventions iprove our lives. These inventions allow long distance communication bringing people ""closer together."" @CAPS1 example, my uncle lives in @LOCATION1. And thru facebook, my mother can speak with him any time she wishes and over from their relatives. So online communication @MONTH1 be very nessary @CAPS1 same. Also you could use email to communicate with others although it travels slower than other of electronic communication. Besides, I mentioned learinig. Computers can improve learning in a variety of ways. Computers improve learning because they speed the flow of information to the students can go to such places and a school websites to findout more on a particular occuring at the school. @CAPS1 example, I go on my school's website to retreve nightly homewrok assignments and read the next day's daily annocments. Teachers might post helpfel hints on homework and @MONTH1 a detailed explanation of the assignment. Also computers can improve learning by assiting with research projects @CAPS1 example a couple of weeks ago my health class was information car our illegal drug project. So with the information, made of wide variety of brouchers from it."	4	5	9
142	"Did you know that @PERCENT2 out of @PERCENT1 children today, prefer to play games on the computer than do other activities? My opinion about this topic is that it is more important for children to do things other than sit on the computer all day. The reasons why I feel this way is because it is important to exercise, children tend to be addicted to playing on the computer, and if someone's life revolves around the computer than they most likely, won't be able to live on the ""real world"". When a child sits at the computer all day, they are not getting exercise. Today, obesity is a major problem. If people stay on the computer less and exercise more than this situation could decrease. Also, it is important for children to get fresh air. When someone plays on the computer they are not getting as much fresh air as you would outdoors. Lastly, who realize the importance of exercise tend to participate in sports, to stay active and have fun. Once you begin to play games on the computer, there is not turning back. In today's society, children of all ages, become addicted to the computer. Children who are addicted pay no attention to their surroundings. Also, some of these games might be inappropriate for younger players. Lastly, if children become addicted, they could do poorly in school for refusing to do homework. If a child is constantly on the computer than they have a chance of not being prepared for the ""real world."" In the ""real world,"" you can't rely on computer games. Also, games won't teach you things that you can only learn during school. Later in life, when you want to get a job, you won't be able to be accepted because you will not sound knowledgable. Lastly, when you are writing your application to go to a college, they will look at your records of sports and activities you've done in middle school. When they don't find anything, they will reject you because of your lack of participation. So when you are sitting at the computer screen, remember all the possibilities you have other than the computer. For example, it is important for you to exercise, playing games on the computer could make you addicted and you won't be prepared for te ""real world"". What is your opinion?"	4	5	9
143	"Dear Local Newspaper, The effects computers have on people as posotive I say that it is posotive because what if your in a rush, and you don't know if you need your rain boots or not? Check the computer! I say that it is posotive because without the computer how would most offices run their buisness? It's too much of a pain to keep everything on files. Especially in schools because the teachers don't keep their grades for students in a filing cabinet! They keep them on the computer, @CAPS1 they'd need a huge filing cabinet. I could understand why some peole think computers have a bad effect on people. They might think that it takes away time from nature, friends and family. But so many people take their laptops to the local park to sit under a tree on warm days and go on the computer there. Especially students do this, they do their homework under the leaves to help them relax. Also, people whose family or friends live in other states, they @MONTH1 not have the house number, or they don't have time for a long conversation, they can e-mail them, or use social networking like facebook, or myspace to look on their profile pages and say a quck, ""@CAPS2, how are you doing?"" Local shop owner @PERSON1 says, ""I barely have time for myself! So when I want to say @CAPS2 to my sister in @LOCATION1, I usually say hello on facebook because I know how she loves to talk my ear off!"" I remember one morning, when I was rushing before school, I had no idea what type of outfit to wear. I checked the local news casting website for the weather forecast and thank god I did! I would have gotten stock in downpour without an umbrella! Computers are also good for if you want to catch up on any news, or just relax and play some games you can. So, if your wondering about the weather to see if today will be a good day to sit under the trees in the park & catch up on typing that report with your partner, then go ahead. But don't forget to e-mail her and ask her first, since you lost her phone number."	4	4	8
144	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I agree with some of the perfesionals that think the computer keeps people from exersising, enjoying nature, and spending quality time with friends and family. Some people thnk it's cool to be on the computer @NUM1 @NUM2. The truth is the computer with internet is like having @CAPS1 at your fingure tips, distractions, and more. You can find just about anything on the internet these days. Some people use the internet for doing homework. Sometimes people can find the exact answers to an assiment. That means they are becoming more dependant on tecnologie. If the world becomes more and more dependent on the of computers and such, that could mean things. the world is suffering because people are neglecting to pick up their trash and to try to stop @ORGANIZATION2. Most people, instead of taking action, will be on the computer. People are becoming more and more lazy these days. As I stated most people are becoming more and more lazy these days because all they have to do to have fun is sit and do little movement. Saying that, people are neglecting to exercise and eat right. They are also neglecting to spend time with friends and family. Instead of texting or @CAPS2 someon try to call them. Or maybe even wehn you're free you can go and make plans to visit with your family. Taht's all I ask is that you especially spend time with family because you can always get more friends or anew computer. But your cant get a new family."	3	4	7
145	"I believe that people spend too much time on the computers. If people spend hours on the computer it will result in bad eye sight. They don’t get enough exercise.most teens aren't getting home work done because of this @CAPS1 people sit on the computer for countless hours their eye sight is slowly going bad. The bright lights of the screen make your eyes unclear state say more people lose eyesight from looking of a computer than they would by staring at a light. Sitting down in front of the screen you aren't down in front of the screen you arents getting any exercise. You mostly just move your hands and fingers. If people dont exercise for at least @NUM1 minutes a day, we will all become week. Lastly, your teenager probably do their homework. while they are in his or her room they've most likely all the computers. if they spend too much time on the computer they are more likely to fail their classes. which means they will most likely stay back. In other words, people spend too much time on the computer. If we continue this most people will lose eye sight. if citizens keep sitting there then we will became unhealthy. And lastly, more teens want do homework and wont succeed."	4	3	7
146	"Dear residents of @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 has come to my attention that there has been some controversy about whether or not computers are a good thing and/or helpful to society. I strongly believe that computers are a very helpful resource that make day to day life easier. Computers can help us in so many ways including making learning easier, helps students do better in @CAPS4, nad serves as a great teaching tool. One reason that I support computers is because they make learning easier. You might ask hao a screen and a keyboard can make learning easier, @CAPS1 sounds crazy, but its true! Let's say you're a middle @CAPS4 student that has been assigned to write a paper on a designated topic; @CAPS2 instead of spending hours upon hours looking for the right information in a library, you could just google search what your topic in and @CAPS3! You have exactly what you need to know in front of you within seconds, prettty cool right? Still don't believe computers are helpful? What if I told you @CAPS1 allowed students to do better in @CAPS4? That's right, computers allow students to do better in @CAPS4. Websites such as edline allow teachers to post their students grades very quickly. How is this helpful? When you take a quiz your treacher has to grade over @NUM1 quizzes! And with things like absentees, weekends and vacations, the day you get your quiz back gets delayed further. Sometimes kids don't get their quizzes back for two weeks after they took them! By the time you get @CAPS1 back @CAPS1's time for a chapter test with @PERCENT1 of your grade and you just found out you didn't do @CAPS2 on one of the sections! This lowers your ability to do @CAPS2 on the test. But if your grade was posted on the internet days before , you will have more time to study and know what to study and you will do @CAPS2 on the test. As you can see, computers are very helpful for students, but are they good for teachers too? The answer is yes, computers are a good teaching tool. Has this ever happened to you? No matter how much your teacher explains to you, @CAPS1 just seems like there are speaking another language? @CAPS2 what if they showed you a cool video on youtube explaining @CAPS1? Would you learn better with a visual in front of you? I sure would. Computers are also great for teachers because @CAPS1 gives them the ability to email other teachers if there is a problem and get the latest information about the @CAPS4 and what's going on. Do you understand why computers are useful, now? I hope you realize how useful computers are because they make learning easier, allow students to do better in @CAPS4, and are a great learning tool. These are only some of the many reasons computers are useful and I hope you keep using them in our community."	5	5	10
147	"Dear Newspaper, The question is whether or not people are spending too much time on the computer or not. In my opinion people aren’t, and there are many benefits from being on the computer. Typing in the computer teacher hand-eye coordination. It is easy to learn while on computer too, and you all communicate with people also! Handeye coordination is very important. We use it everyday during sports taking notes, even playing video games! Being on the computer is good because it develops hand-eye coordination. Whatever you do on the computer typing, playing online game, or surfing the web develop hand-eye coordination. It is good to learn hand-eye coordination because most teachers these days neat children to type and print their papers, so they are neater.If kids can learn hand-eye coordination, they can type faster turn then into their when go on there computer hand-eye coordination. My world cultures teacher lets us use an online textbook if we dont finished our homework in class, instead of logging around textbook. Any student would rather go online than have to bring a giant textbook to and from school. Have you ever thought about how much easier it is college course online. Then having to go to college especially for working parents? Everything happens online in you portable laptop, instead of having to go to and from a college. Using computer to learn about different places is easy. There are websites full of pictures of beautiful foreign places that hot deserts, and troppical rainfall of monkeys and tigers. It is fun and easy to learn on a computer. Since cell phones have become so a lot of people have gotten rid of thier home phone to save money. Sometimes, though cellphones lose signal. That is why it is good to have a computer. It is eat to talk to other people forums, chats websites and email. You can have intelligent,and its easy and free! It is east to communicate using a computer. Surely you've heard my reasons its okay for people to spend time on the computer you see my point. Yes people shall spend time outside or with family, in small does the computer good for you. It is easy to learn hand coordination and communicate on a computer."	4	5	9
148	"Dear local newspaper committee...., I am writing to you, about how there is a substancial dilemma within the concern of computer use. From my data that I have collected, computers are both somewhat good, and bad. But I believe that there are more reasonable ""@CAPS1,"" toward computer use. In my opinion, I state that computers are quite addicting due to, addiction of computer, loss time of exercise, and how computers @MONTH1 ""help,"" one in obtaining the loss of their social enviorment. Computer @MONTH1 seem helpful but of @ORGANIZATION1 they are a great way to research for @ORGANIZATION1 reasons. But there is also the choice of books for research. Computer use has risen to a substancial crisis line, because they are addicting. An example is the well-known link called, ""@CAPS2,"" @CAPS2 is a place where you can socialize. But when your child has a @CAPS2, and they are on the computer doing ""homework,"" there is a @PERCENT1 that they will end upon @CAPS2, than rather doing their homework that important information was found at an @ORGANIZATION1 @DATE1. Computers are addicting also because of online computer games. Computer games online can be fun, but are a complete waste of time for you electrical bill, and @ORGANIZATION1 purposed of you child. Computers are very addicting in terms of @CAPS2, and online games. Computers are somewhat good, but are very to you health. Did you know that @PERCENT2 of @LOCATION1 has increased their weight, due to videogames and computer? Computers are horrible when it comes to this topic. Overtime, you begin to gain weight by spending more time using the computer and less time working out and staying fit. This also revolves around addiction, by using the computer over a large period of time. In the end, computers are a harzardous topic, when it comes to working out, and staying in shape. Computers are terrible and horrified when it comes to friends. Friends are people who spend time with you and interact with you. But computers see it a different way. by using computer for a long period of time, you begin to think how computers are all you need. Soon enough, your friends will leave you because you don't care about them, and forget them. This also revolves around addiction. By addiction, you lose your friends and you damage your social enviornment. Computer @MONTH1 seem ""fun,"" but are defuliated when it comes to friends. In the end, I beleive that computers are a waste, because they are addicting you become very unhealthy and they strive to damage your social enviornment. With the facts I have stated, they have supported my reasons. Computers are not the way to go. So, try books."	5	4	9
149	"The amount of computer usage has been significantly growing over the years. Adults and children are spending huge amounts of their time on computers. Though these divices @MONTH1 seem entertaining and helpfull. Well that is not all true. Computers are being used for more then just work. It seems to be the peoples new way of comunication. Communicating with others has always been a great part of our lives. There is not a person in the world who has not had some form of communication with others. Though computers seem to abuse the privlage of communication. For talking on an online chat sight is easier and more convient for people. The people in those charts are not always sho they claim to be. This pushes a huge danger on those signts @CAPS3 children of all ages now are using them. These children fo not always know who they are talking to, but @CAPS3 its online they say anything that into their mind. The way @CAPS2 talk tao people in person is not the same on line. When communicating with people on the computer the writer tends to short hand things. Such as the word ""you"" would be spelled ""u"". These quick changes happen without thinking, and become a natural habit. These changes quickly become a part of our communication and writing. So instead of seeing the sentence ""@CAPS1 did you think about her project"", @CAPS2 will see ""wat did u tink bout her pro."" @CAPS3 of this many childrens grades could be affected. For their spelling will soon become and the vocabulary will be, or all in slang. This vocabulary change could be prevented if computer were not used as much. Today @CAPS2 are seeing going outside. No one ever needs to go anywhere if all theire communication can be done at home. This isn't just hurting ourselves but also the environment. The less time people spend outside the more energy is being wasted. The times @CAPS2 do go outside is for simple tasks such as taking out the trash. This is hurting our environment! There are not as many people taking care of our planet. People are not taking the to make a garden, plant some tree's or simply pick up some trash on the side of the road. If @CAPS2 would all just take the time, maybe only ten minutes adays to help our environment it would be helping our bodies and also helping our planet. This would reduce the amount of people using computer's and change the way @CAPS2 see our civilization today. So please help yourselves and the earth stop talking on the computers and get out and do something productive. The computer will always be there, but @CAPS2 only have one of us and one ofour planet. @CAPS2 dont want to destroy these over a simple piece of technology."	6	5	11
150	"Dear Local newpaper editor, I think computers benefits us in a good way. Weither computers are helping kids with research for homework, projects and essays or building online stocks to help make buisness grow. Computers are now a benificial way of life. We can see what happens on the other side of the world. And learn about new things everyday. What I think people are focusing is what they thikn computers are doing to people, but are really not focusing on how it helps us in so many ways. One way that people say computers effects people is that we don't exercise instead were attached to our computers. I doubt computers do this not everyone likes or wants to exercise. And why would computers stop people from doing that. It's people choice, the computer doesn't forces them to stay in the house. And computers are a great way for you to catch up with friends and family. It could be online chatting and even sharing photos. And I highly doubt people stop seeing their fmailies because of computers it just doesn't make any sense. People who are against computer are giving people in chairs or controlling them, it's just silly. If people acually stopped to take the time and think; theirs a chance that they would see how computers has helped us grow as a nation. And how much they used computers and that it really helped them than just searching through books for a ton of information. As years have gone by I could see that a ton of thinhs are runed by computers and that alot of people use them. And it has impacted our country, in my opinion a good way. And if it wasn't for computers who knows how are nation would be running. And if computers amde such a posotive impact on our country already I can only iamgine the years to come as computers become bigger and better. So as you have read I gave mt reason as how think computers impact our lives. And how I think the years to come it will impact our lives bigger and better. Now I can't force you to be for, or against computers bbut what ever your opinion is just think of a world without computers especially if you grew up with them."	4	4	8
151	"Dear local newpaper: @CAPS1 you being the local newspaper, you have the power to say how you feel about the effects computers give to people. I believe that computers give great effects to people because it teaches hand-eye coordination, gives people the ability to learn about far away places, and it allows you to talk to people. In all, @PERCENT1 of people agree with my idea about computers. Firstly, using computers teaches people about hand-eye coordination. For example, my grandmother told me that she knows how to use her hands and eyes well because of using the computer. This is because she types and researches information all day long. In all, computers are designed to help your eyes and hands to focus more. Secondly, computers have a lot of interesting information on faraway places. @PERSON1 from @ORGANIZATION1 quotes, ""I always use computers for my work because it helps me learn about many new things. @CAPS2, it lets my wife and I search details about a trip we want to go on."" @CAPS2, the people agree with what @PERSON1 stated. However, people @MONTH1 say that computers give the wrong information many times, but if you find a wonderful website, it will never lie to you. Thirly, if you use computers it will let you talk online or video chat with friends or family all over the world. How this benefits you is because if you have not seen your relatives in ages and you cannot buy a ticket to visit them, then video chat. It has gotten people so much closer and you see the world in a whole different way. @CAPS2, instead of wasting all your cell phone minutes, go buy a laptop or computer with a camera on it so you can video chat. Lastly, taking to people and being active in other peoples life is important. In conclusion, you will have great eye coordination, you will be able to research faraway places, and you will always be allowed to video chat or talk to family online. @CAPS2, I want you to tell the whole world that computers are useful and people use them everyday without a problem. Lastly, you will have the best feeling ever if you make everyone smile by knowing you believe that spending time on the computer can teach you a lot!"	3	4	7
152	"You say that computers are bad and does not help any one in these physical life but some people go on the computer to find yoga poses and diest tips and how does that not help them physicaly and mentaly. Computers they @MONTH1 get kid in a lot of trouble they chat on (@CAPS1, facebook twitter, etc...) but they also don't know whos behind the computers they spend so much time on that @CAPS1 thing. That they don't attention to life itself. Now there are good parts about the computer you can find things you need and you can check travel sites etc... so you can not say that the computer is all that bad it helps a lot of people. So you should really be consider judging the skills of the computer they really do help in life. And they do help people that have physical needs."	3	3	6
153	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 a computer is a benefit. They help us in so many ways. It is very helpful, it could make someone's life easier to handle. You could keep in touch with old friends or family. It would be easier for work, and when you're bored, you could play some fun games. It's very hard to have family you can't see and keep in touch with! With a computer you could send messages and photo's to interact with them. You wouldn't have to worry about ever losing communication with them. You could also meet new people. Get new friends from anywhere in the world! Have friends from all different race and culture. Computer's are a great way to interact with others, whether its family or friends. It's always had to do work when you have no clue what it's about! if your ever @CAPS3 trouble on something you could always look up information about it. You could learn how to do things or learn more information about a certain item. When you have homework and don't know the meaning of a word, you could always look up the definition of it. They also hold your information. For example, instead of @CAPS3 a ton of papers you could simple just save it in your computer. Then you could print it out whenever you need it. Computers make work easier and help you organise better. Computer's also amuse you as well. When you have nothing to do, you could play alot of fun game's. You could also watch music video's or funny videos to get you laughing. They have practicly anything you want to play. You would hardly ever get bored! As you see, computer's are a benefit to people. It's always helpful when you could keep in touch with anyone, have help with your work, or simply keep yourself entertained. Without computers life would be harder and boring!"	4	4	8
154	"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, Even though there are good effects of computers on people, there are also many bad effects. Some of the major bad effects of computers on people are no exercise, you can talk to strangers, and no interaction with family and friends. One of the effects of computers on people is no exersise. One of the most important effect of computers on people is no exersise. Right now many people in the @LOCATION1 are obese because of bad eating and no exersise. One of the problems is that these people don'@CAPS2 get off their computers and couchs to go outside. These people choose to stay indoors and just do nothing except watch @CAPS2.V. and go on the computer. So computers have a big effect on how these people live their lives. Another problem caused by computers is kids talking to strangers. Most kids in the @LOCATION1 are a member of a social network like @CAPS3 or @CAPS4. There are people out there that go on these websites on their computers and pretend to be a teen. This can get many kids in trouble if they are not careful on these websites. Since most people access these websites from their computers its another bad effect of computers on people. Another bad effect is no iteraction with family or friends. When people are on computers, they focus on whats on the computer and not about their surroundings. Being on the computer stops many people from interacting with their family and friends. Not interacting with anyone causes their social skills to weaken since they are always on the computer. This can become a serious problem if a person becomes too adicted to the computer. This can cause many problems between communication throughout the family making the family weaken. In conclusion even though there are good effects of computers on people, there are also many bad effects which can cause serious problems. Computers can cause tragaties in families and/or in that persons's life."	4	4	8
155	"Dear @PERSON3 of the @LOCATION1, I strongly believe that computers effect us in a positive way. Computers are advancing and so are their uses, computers are great and they are not our thought process or went to run around outside and play sports. Computers help us find and talk to relatives and friends they allow us to learn different things about farien places. They also are great for research! First and foremost computers are effecting us positively expesally when it comes to finding and talking to family and friends. My mom was adopted and @NUM1 years ago she really wanted to find her birth family, one year later her birth father found her on this website where you can locate family, she found her family and I now have two more @CAPS1, @PERSON1 and @PERSON2, and a cousin @PERSON4. I love them all very much. I would not have of been able to get to know them if it wasnt for the computer, speaking of communication, I was working like a dog on this big science prodject I had. we weren't able to do it in person and it @CAPS3 impossible for one person to three way four people. So we emailed our ideas and thoughts and were able to get the project done. ""@CAPS2 are never enough hours in the day!"" @CAPS3 something that @CAPS3 commonly said. Over @PERCENT1 of adults complain that @CAPS2 @CAPS3 never enough time in day. That @CAPS3 a statistic from @ORGANIZATION1. The computer allows you to multi task so you can be on your business call and email your mother so she know that you didn't forget her birthday. In addition, computers help us understand other countries and learn about their culture and how they are doing. @CAPS2 are many people who don't have tvs and they get their news from the internet. Also for projects, in @NUM2 grade I had to learn about @CAPS4, the country in @LOCATION2. it would take countless hours to find research in books, you will find a lot of stuff you dont need, but on the computer it @CAPS3 fast and easy. If you need to know something you can just type it in and, boom! You have it where as if you were usinf a book you would still be looking for what you need. Time @CAPS3 something that we can't afford to waste expessaly in this economy. Furthermore, computers are great for all kinds of research and directions. People who think that people spend too much time on the computer, and exersizing are not always right. I don't know about you, @PERSON3, but I am constantly looking up different exersizes to get a flat stomach. Most of my friends do it with me. I also look up directions, finding routs on maps are enfuriating and take for ever. Go on the computer the maps are always updated and you can get easy and fast directions! I don't know about you but I love things fast and easy. Going back to research, what about for solving crimes? Identifying people with finger prints fast so no one can get hurt. In conclusion computers effect us in possitive ways, more and are a great help to society, from locating people, to communication, and all the way to finding valuable and life changing information. I hope that you and I see eye to eye in this matter, advancing computers are our friends not the enemy."	5	5	10
156	"Dear newspaper, @CAPS1 some beleive computers do not benefil society, I do. Computers help buisnesses thrive, keep people people aware of what is going on in the world, and allow people to stay in touch with each other. Computers greatly benefit small and large buisnesses across the world. Imagine all the jobs at each buisnesses without a computer. Buisnesses would be unreliable because no instant contact would mean it might take a long time for products to be assembled and shipped. Any buisness owner would cringe at the idea of running of buisness without a computer. When surveyed, @NUM1 out of @NUM2 buisness owners and workers would prefer a computers assistance at work. Almost every modern day buisness relies on at least one computer. For example, companies that mass - produce their products often rely on computers to do jobs more precisely than a worker. Sometimes computer operated robots do dangerous jobs so workers are not at risk. Buisness also need computers to quickly recieve and send information to other buisnesses and people. Buisnesses are not the only need for computers. People use computers as much if not more, than buisnesses. People like you and me use computers to keep in touch with friend and people we know. Thanks to websites like @CAPS2 and e-mail people can easily stay in touch. Families use computers to plan get-togethers. Friends use computers to keep contact after grade school or if they do not live nearby. With computers, anyone that is anywhere can be in constant contact with anyone else. People also like to know news imediately. Without computers it would be alot harder to contact the rest of the world. Imagine a natural disaster accuring and not knowing about it right away. In that case we could not send aid to the area. With the recent earthquakes in @LOCATION1 and @LOCATION2. Knowledge about the rest of the world is even more important. Newspapers provide news and information but a day or two late and they often use computers to aquire that information. Eighty-seven percent of scientists agree that recieving information would be a lot harder."	5	4	9
157	"Dear newspaper, I know that computers can place a person in its spell, but in reality it's one of the most necesary things we need in our lifetime. Computers are used for many things like school work, planning that trip you always wanted to go to, and reading the latest news. Read the following to know just how important computers really are. You know now when you have that project due for science class about protoplasms. You want to do as you can so you have that at. When you realize that the one book you find on it wont help you with the score you want you realize that the nextplace to look is the computer. The computer gives you an unlimited amount of information that will help you in any report. When a teacher gives you a book to do a biography on, for example, ""The life and times: @PERSON1"" You want to go beyond what they give you and search, for instances, his neighborhood, his inspiration, and the influences he had. You will find all this in the computer. When you see a sale on a ""five nights and four days"" trip to @ORGANIZATION1, you want to know what better sale they have. When you start to notice that your family needs a vacation what is the only place to look. You can'@CAPS3 look for that trip of a lifetime in a book. Sure you can find out that @CAPS1 is having that big blowout sale, but you cant search up the best deal. I've done a research with seven of my friends and that six of those seven parents have deal on a trip to @ORGANIZATION1 on their accounts. If you're a great fan of road trips you'll find a deal or @CAPS2's for the lowest only find out by computer. If you live in @LOCATION3, @LOCATION4 and you want to have a trip to the @LOCATION1 this deal is really good. If you live in the @LOCATION2 and you know the hottest day in the @DATE1 is coming you will be ready to get those beach balls and that blanket ready, but if you think computers are a waste of time then you wont know that all the beaches open and will be sending free drinks all day. You will be at home eating a @CAPS3.V. watching old reruns of The @CAPS4 @CAPS5. Not only will it tell you news in your erea, but will tell you about that devastating earthquake in @LOCATION5. You'll also be informed about what people are doing to help them and what you can do to help. So not only is the computer good for going on @CAPS6 and @CAPS7, you can help get your grade to an A+ on that history report. It also works well for giving your children a memory they will always remember. They also help you to get ready and not be stock in your house on that nice day in @DATE1. Maybe if you find that great deal or help your kid get a better grade then you will realize how good the computer is."	5	5	10
158	"Dear @LOCATION1, *@CAPS1*. Now I hear my favorite @CAPS2 tunes. A few clicks here and type in a word and I am watching a funny episode of ""@CAPS3 of @CAPS4 #@NUM1"". I go to my @CAPS5 page and feel the cool keys under my fingertips as I send @CAPS7 to my friend in @LOCATION3. These are only some things I can do on my computer. As you can see I need my computer for many things. I am all for using computers and I think they are a useful resorce. But @CAPS6't stop now, I have many more reasons for using computors. Thier not all that bad. Primarily, if you want to save money on gas, @CAPS6't Use @CAPS7 @CAPS8!! I can't stress @CAPS7 enough to say that if you need to talk to a friend far away @CAPS6't drive and waste gas, or even waste money on long-distance calls. Go to @CAPS5, facebook, twitter, or something that will save you gas and money. Some people want to talk to thier friends in @LOCATION2 but they @CAPS6't have any of these computer sites. Pursuade them too!! Another issue some face is, ""You need to get out and excersize."" I have only one answer. Most people @CAPS6't know the right ways to excersize. Then, they end @CAPS8 hurting themselves. If they just went online and found out that they could do a painless, priceless, fun work out that is very effective then they would not get in so much physical and finantial trouble. Also, others complain that people need to @CAPS10 more out in nature. Well, I say, what if you encounter a wild animal that you know nothing about, or say you were lost for days and didn't know what you could or could not eat? LIke I @CAPS9 say, ""@CAPS9 @CAPS10 @CAPS11"" remember @ORGANIZATION1. FInally, if your doing a report or something formal, you want @CAPS7 to look nice, right? Well, @NUM2 out of @NUM3 people in the @LOCATION4 have messy handwriting and 9/@NUM3 teachers mistake words that are messily hand-writen. This shows that if you use a computor @CAPS7 will not only show the word you wrote but also correct @CAPS7 with spell check. In conclusion, there are many benefits to using a computor. Lets recap, computors can save money, time, and gas. Computars can provide useful information in the real world. They can also correct spelling mistakes as well as prevent mistakes in legibility. Act now!!! Show others that there are benifits to using computers, show them all the wonders of this amazing machine, That is not only a time waster but a life saver."	5	5	10
159	"Dear Newspaper, I think that when kids or even adults get computers, then they would not use it for good causes. When people get computers they spend more time inside and on them. They need to get outside get some exercise. Even little things like, if your going to your friends house, then take a jog there instead of your bike. When people spend more time on their computers than talking to your freinds, then they will be low on socializing and, after awile won't know how to communicate with people. All they would have to do is set a time limit on their computer and only use it for work otherwise. Computers could also be used for good things. If you have a project for school and need to type it up on the computer or find pictures on the internet then the computer would be a good resource. If you have a job for working with computers or fixing computers, then you would spend a lot of time on your computer. It also lets you interact with people on the othe side of the world. You can also learn about interesting facts or places. Computers could also be used for bad reasons. When people use it they could just use it to play this cool new video game they got. This can lead them into getting obese. They can also use it for sexual harrasment for stalking people. People can also use it for horrible things like selling or buying drugs or illegal things. So as you can see computers aren't safe in a lot of ways. I hope you can read and understand all the important facts explaining my reasons and consider them. Thank you and have a good day."	4	4	8
160	"Computers are a huge impact on society, but do they make everything better? People spend way to much time on the computer. Computers do not help you brain they can make you fat and for a lot of people they cause drama. People should stop spending so much time on computers. Computers do not help you brain in any means possible. Think about it, sure you do alot of you work on computers but, what about your kids they spend most of their time gand online and doing pointless stuff. Instead they could be going outside or even study. the internet is open to the world so anyone goes on it and if your child is on the computer is exposed many vile things that will not help them in the future. Its a proven fact that the less time you spend watching tv or on the computer you get better grades. I remember my mom always yelled at me for being on the computer and getting bad grades so she took the computer away for a while and now i have much better grades. So being on the computer does not make you smarter. The computer can make you gain quit a bit of weight. If your on the computer a lot you are sitting around and a lot people eat while they are on the computer. So now you are sitting around the computer eating. That can make you gain weight. I know from experience that being active and going outside or exercising really makes you feel good. Once you gain all that weight it is very hard to get rid of it. Sitting around like a couch is not healthy. You can become obese. So you could say your happy with your weight but no one ever said it was healthy. A lot of people have died frombeing that beaky. It puts a huge tall on you life. If you dont want to die from being to heavy then I advise you to get off the computer and go outside and live yor life. The last thing that makes computers so bad is the drama they cause. Mose pople have facebook, aim, or @CAPS1 but if you ask anyone with one of those they will most likley say they have gotten in a fight through one of those. Also now they have something new called formspring which can let you be anomous and people go on yours and just say horrible things. One of my friends was a victim in that and it ruins you. Also their are so many people on facebook that lie about who they are and anyone can easily find out who you are and kill you now a days people know how to hack into peoples computers and get info. So computers can not only be unhealthy but they can be deadly. Why would you want any of those things to happen, when its so easy to just back on your computer time. Remember computers dont help your brain, they can make you fat, and they cause a lot of drama. So please dont use the computer."	5	4	9
161	"Some experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. I think oposite though. I think this way because you @MONTH1 have to look up something on the computer one day. Some jobs you have to apply by computer. Another thing is a computer allows you to talk online with other people. The first reason why I think using a computer is good for people is because you @MONTH1 have to look up something on the computer one day. What I mean by this is you might have to look up a job, you might want to get away so you look up vactions that you can take or you might have to pay a bill one day. The second reason why I think using a computer is good is because some jobs you have to apply by computer. Such as stop and shop, price right, and save-alot. To add on to that this is good for are society because if we use paper thats killing more trees. The third reason why I think using a computer is a good because this allows you to talk online with other people. Therefore you @MONTH1 need to contact a family member or even an old friend, meet new people or you might not like to talk on the fone, so you rather talk by computer. Now I told you all the reasons why I think using a computer is good. @MONTH1 have to look up something on the computer, some jobs you have to apply by computer, lastly allows you to talk online with other people. These are some good pros. So I hope you take my opinion in consideration."	4	4	8
162	"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 personal experience, I think that computers have a positive effect on people. Many people enjoy their time on the computer because, with today's technology so many things can be done and quicker too. @PERCENT1 of @CAPS2 have a computer at home. I do and its just great. I got most things done and in a matter of time. I think computers have a positive effect on people because today you can do almost anything. For example, I have family in @LOCATION2; @LOCATION3, @LOCATION1 and @LOCATION4, and instead of calling them on the phone, I could video chat with them and it feels like you're actually there. Also, now you can pay your bills online, and instead of sending a letter through mail and waiting when it will arrive and having to buy stamps that are extremely expensive, you could just simply send on e-mail-free of charge. Most college students do their homework on the computer. They type essays, or while doing research on someone or something, they could just save it and take notes on it later. So basically a computer is almost a part of everyone's life and it can be entertaining, fun, and used for more important things. What I'm trying to say is computers are a part of every teenagers routine during the day. We like to interact with our friends and listen to music and bond with family and other realtives who you don't usually contact all on one piece of technology. Some people even go to school over the computer and get a degree in something. Computers are important, a computer will scan this test of mine and give me a score, so I think now you will agree with me now when I say computers have had and always will have a positive effect on people. Thank you for taking the time to listen to my opinion and I hope you agree."	5	4	9
163	"Dear @PERSON1 weekly, The new millenium brought a new wave of technology. Computers is the main invention that most likely everyone uses. The computers teach us great things such as learning about a vacation spot or a far off country. The computer allows us to talk to friends or family while they are away or even home. Also, typing on the computer teaches us hand eye coordination that can help us with other things. The computer is surely a great invention. Have you ever wanted to go on vacation to somewhere overseas? Well the computer is a great source for learning about these places. The effects it has could be significant. One day some one might want to go to the bahamas, but then finds a new location such as @LOCATION1 or even @LOCATION3. In addition the computer benefits students very well. Students usually have to do projects on places in the world and the computer is the main source of intelligence. When I have an essay to do I always use the computer first. Recently my grandmother moved down to @LOCATION2 and I can only talk to her on the phone. Although on my computer I can actually see her on my screen. The webcam allows me to see me grandma. The computer allows you to keep in touch with friends and family that you do not see on a regular bases. For example @CAPS1 or twitter keeps you in touch with friends from high school. The computer can also send emails to friends and family so you can say hello every once in a while. Sports require a great deal of hand eye coordination. The computer makes you better at this. By looking at the screen while typing, gives you a boost on your hand-eye coordination because you are doing two things at once. A sport that requires a lot of this is @CAPS2. While the ball is in the air you must focus on it while holding your stick at the correct position. Although hand-eye coordination is mainly taught through the powers of the computer. To conclude, all that I would like to say is that the computer is a great source for intellegence. It also allows you to keep in touch with high school friends and far away family. Finally, the computer teaches you hand-eye coordination. The computer is a very important piece of technology."	4	4	8
164	"Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1 computers become more and more a part of everyday life people begin to question wether or not they have a positive impact on people. Computers are a technological wonder that has a positive effect on people. The world wide web, unlimited socialization and simulations are just a few of the benefits of computers. The internet provides acess to the world wide we. Infinite amounts of information can be found on your computer. ""@CAPS2 in almost everyday school rely on the internet to gain information stated education secretary, @PERSON1. Also search engines provide acess to thousands of information loaded pages. In addition to unlimited information the web olds thousands of different web pages. With these people can learn about other peoples opinions or spend time playing games. The web is only one thing out of hundreds of great things about computers. Socialization is a huge of the moders life style. Web cames @CAPS1 on computers allow people to talk with friends who live miles away. No longer will people have to take an airplane to talk with friends on the other side of the world. Also, instant messaging and email is the main comunication system for thousands of people. It is the most efficient way to talk to friends. In fact, I became re connected with a lot of people I didn't talked to in a long time by getting email. Every body loves taking with their friends and family and this is made easier by using computers. Simulations are a huge benifit of computers. Many simulation programs are used to help people in their lives. Many proffessions using simulations on computers to help learn hot to do their job nine out of ten medical schools have the use of surgery simulations @CAPS1 part of their training course. Also, simulations and gaming on computers reveal interest for many people. I myself have a greater interest in history now after playing many historical themed computer games. Also many games and computer simulation have helped many people learn new things, @CAPS3 are countless learning games and simulations that are acessable by computer. Simulations add huge benifets to owning a computer. @CAPS1 technology advances people are opened up to many possibilities suck @CAPS1 information via the web unlimited socialization and simulations. The benifits of computers are many and the problems few. So, how can you keep up in a world where computer users hold the advantage if you deny the benifits of computers? Computers affect people in a positive way."	4	4	8
165	"Computers. They are an amazing marvel of science that greatly benefits man-kind today. But computers can be good or bad depending on how you use them. Homework can be made easier, connecting with others is easier, and entertainment like @CAPS1 and video games are a click away. On the otherhand, Computers can be distracting, addicting, and tiring. It is important to know the pros and cons of computers. For example, the search engine, @ORGANIZATION1, is an easy to use website that can be very helpful. If there is a concept or problem that you are having trouble with, just type it into @ORGANIZATION1 and links to websites pop up that will help answer anything that you would like to know. There is also a website called @LOCATION1. This website is an all purpose dictinary, @CAPS2, encyclopedia and translator. I even have an application for it on my cellphone. But technology can also be distracting. Social networking websites, like facebook, games websites like @CAPS3, and also websites like @CAPS4 can be very tempting and distracting when you should be doing homework. Procrasination is very easy to give into. But self control is the only way to avoid this problem. Budgeting your time so that you can do both your homework, and go on the computer is also very important. One thing that I find very useful on computers is an online textbook. We are lucky enough today that most large books can be formated onto a computer. Instead of carrying a @NUM1-pound text book, you can just use a @NUM1 megabyte book on the internet. This makes travel to and from school much easier. That, and textbooks often use up a lot of desk space, but all you nneed is the space that a computer will consume anyway. Studying is also made easier this way. All of the things that a computer can do are great. But this can also keep us from going outside, excersising, and seing real people in real life. This need for the computer can be bad. We are too connected as a society. Our status, feelings, friends, and position in life are always needing to be updated. Distractions are everywhere. Facebook, for instance, is very addicting. You are looking at a virtual landsacape. Self control really is the only way to get off the computer and step into the real world. Overall, computers are great, but you have to know when, and how long to use it. It has several benefits such as entertainment, communication, and information. But all of these things can be just as distracting as they can be helpful. Knowing this. I hope that society can think of the pros and cons of the computer."	5	5	10
166	"Do you love technology? More and more people in this world are using so much technology and especialy computers. But not everyone agrees that this benefit society. But I do. Because it can glue people the ability to learn about anything they want to learn. Then it can give a better communication to others that lives farther away from you. My last reason is this technology can be a good way of protecting this country. Now I agree that computers can be useful man made sorce. When I was about @NUM1 years old I loved to play on the computer I thought that this was just a game. But my dad told me that do not abuce the computer, use it for education. I found out that theres so many things to teech about just a click of a botton. Now you can use this technology as a tool not a game. You might not want to go to the library to find a book you can just look it up in the computer. People love to talk to others, to meat new people or just comunicate to others who live in a other country. One of the best ways are on the computer. I am @NUM2 years old and I have alot of friends that chat on the computer, and I am one of them. My family members live in @LOCATION1, and I just can't catch, a plane every day to go visit them. So I just go on the computer and talk to them it's one of the fastest ways and fun ways to. The @ORGANIZATION1 has one of the strongest @ORGANIZATION2 and @ORGANIZATION3 in the world. You would not believe the technology they have and how they use them. One of the best things they have is the ""@PERSON1."" @CAPS1 a plane drivin by a remote control. It's just like a fighter plane but without a pilot! The person controling it can relax in bace wile the @PERSON1 does all the work now come and join me to say that computers are useful in this world! From the reasons above, I state that computers are useful because they give people the ability to learn about anything they want. It gives' a way to comunicate. Last @CAPS1 a good way to protect this country. Technology is growing faster by the minute and strogger. So take my word ""don't abuse it, use it."""	4	4	8
167	"Computers effect a lot of people. I fully support the advances in technology. I support this because computers can let you talk to people that are faraway from you. Computers also teach hand-eye coordination. In addition, computers let you learn about countrys all over the word. Rapping it all up, electronics should keep advancing. Say your bestfriend moved to @LOCATION4. You won't see her but you can talk to her on the computer. Now in day there are a lot of websites that you can chat off at or you can also do a webcam chat like ovoo. For example, in seventh grade I moved from @LOCATION1 to @LOCATION2. I was so upset about leaving my old friends. Turns out I was fine. I just made more friends when I moved. I would make plans with my friends over facebook chating. Consequently, computers help a lot you keep in touch with friends all over the world. Computers build up your skills for everything. Hand-eye coordination is the biggest skill that computers teach anyone. When your watching an adult type most of them can type without looking at the keyboard. This is an example of hand-eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination is very helpful in sports. In basketball you should dribble and look ahead. Kinda like typing. As one can see computers help with hand-eye coordination. Google gives you answers to anything. If you have research to do most people use google and google is found on the computer. You can learn about @LOCATION3 or @LOCATION4 you name it you can type it in google, and you can learn everything about that country. For example, last year everyone had to pick a state and learn certain things about it. Most people used computers. Computers really are the best electronic in the world. There are many electronics that effect people. But, computers effect people the most. Computers let you talk to family and friends around the world. Also, computer teach you hand-eye coordination skills. Lastly, computer teach you about many countrys. In conclusion, computers should be advanced."	4	5	9
168	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, Computers are a vital source for anyone's household. Many people have busy lives and having a computer at home make it easer. You can use it for research, organization, and business matters. I don’t know what I would do without one. Education is very important especially in our economy today. The computer makes work and studying fast and simple. When you need to research a topc for school there is always an endless library of information @CAPS6 you turn on the computer. You @CAPS7 get your information from books, and encyclopedias but it is rare that you always have time, to get to a local library. Also, @CAPS6 you have a project in school that you need to type, it is helpful to have a computer at home so you don't have to use at short. This way, you have more time to get extra from teachers @CAPS3 on instrument in the school band. I can imagine that my grades would be @CAPS6 i did have access to the internet of @CAPS4 @CAPS5 at home. Have you over pare or document and had an of her and happens @CAPS6 you own a computer you can backup @CAPS7 you imagine on essay five pages and organized is boring, biut you wouldn't think so @CAPS6 it saved you from hours worth of writing! For some people, having a computer @CAPS7 make you money, and who wouldn't like more money? You can run a business online and avoid the hastle of manting a @CAPS8 your own space or building to run your business can be quite expensive and time-consuming. Also, you can refrain from making a trip from the store by purchasing items online. Then, the item will be shipped to your door. You save time and money on gas by doing so. And thise days, any way to save money is a good one! By having a computer you can boost your education.Keep yourself organized, and save money. Although it has many recreational purposes as well, it also can be very helpful in your life. And besides, is perfectly fine, to go online to talk to your friends once in a while, isn't it?"	4	5	9
169	"Dear Local Newspaper, Computers have a positive effect on people. With a computer you could do so many things! They provide plenty of information, communication, and even entertainment. The only reason some find it to be unhealthy or negative is because some people abuse their ""computer-time"". Ever used the popular website ww.google.com? Sites like this, and many more, are great when you need information. Your practically just type in a word and automatically have hundreds or thousands of links, containing information on that word, to choose from! How could so much knowledge be named unhealthy, or have a negative effect on people? Computers have dictionaries, references, translators, encyclopedias, or even history pages that hold massive informatiion. So go ahead and expand your knowledge! If you log onto one of the most famous and well-used social networking websites, such as @CAPS1 or @CAPS2, you will find a new way to communicate with friends and family. Equipped with tools and various settings to keep you safe, you can find long-lost friends or out-of-touch family members and instantly catch up. Again, many people abuse those websites, putting up harmful words, inappropriate things, but that problem can be easily solved if you ""report' them to the website manager or to an adult. You just have to know how to be safe online, if not, the computer can be a very negative object for you. If you know how to use it right, you'll enjoy messages from family or instant messages from friends. There is a wide variety of entertainment on your computer. From video-sharing websites like www.youtube.com. to gaming websites like www.onemorelevel.com. These sites provide games and many videos, or even learning aids. There are sites where you can purchase music ang movies, or even clothes and furniature. Many stores have online websites wher you can purchase items and have them shipped to your front door. How could that possibly be regroup? Also, there are video games that are specially created for the computer, that you can buy, and have installed for isntant entetainment. I mean, who doesn't like to play games or shop, without having to go through the trouble of finding time to go out and do it? I know my aunts do. So you see, computers aren't negative, unless you abuse your ""computer-time"" and waste countless hours for no reason. You need to have a limit. Without it, it's just plain weird spending all day on a computer. So have fun! Learn, communicate, entertain youself."	6	5	11
170	"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 you imagine a world without computers? Well I @CAPS1't because I think computers are great. First of all if you have a computer you @CAPS1 meet new people. Second you @CAPS1 do projects on them or homework if you need to. Lastly in a computer you @CAPS1 basically find out anything you want to know. Read ahead and discover why I think computers are great. Who doesn't like meeting new people, because I do. If you wanted to get new friends or find anyone who go to your school and you might not now you @CAPS1 look them up on your computer. Also if you had nobody to talk to one time you @CAPS1 go on the computer and try to meet new people. I know I do that all the time. Lastly it doesn't hurt anymore to make friends or talk to people online. it's actually fun once you try it. So that's why I think one reason that computers are great is because of the people you meet. Second reason why computers are great is because if you have to print something or make a project a computer @CAPS1 help. My science teacher always wants assignments printed and how @CAPS1 I do that with out a computer. Also if one day you forgot your homwork or any assignments just ask a friend online of if you have a school website look on it. Therefore computers are great because all assignments look ,better when they are printed. My last reason is because on a computer you @CAPS1 pretty much look for anything. For example, say you wanted to find a place to go to and you didn't have a adress or anything, you @CAPS1 always check on the computer. Also if their is a problem or something with you house, car, bills, or anything you @CAPS1 always see if you @CAPS1 get any hekp on internet. Lastly if you wanted to buy anything and you could't find it any stare you @CAPS1 just get it online. So basically like I said you @CAPS1 do anything. In conclusion I think omputers have a great effect on life. First you @CAPS1 meet how people or friends. Second you @CAPS1 do projects or homework. Lastly you @CAPS1 basically do anything on a computer. So that's why I think computers are great and they @CAPS1 help alot in life instead of hurting anyone."	4	4	8
171	"Do you think that computers are useless? Or do you think they could be useful in many ways? I remember @CAPS4 my older sister had to do some research on @CAPS1, the computer gave her all of the information she needed. The issue to grapple with is, more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society. I strongly think that @CAPS2 does benifit society in many ways! Heres why, the computer allows you to get in touch with friends, research people, places or things, and relax and enjoy playing on a fun, entertaining website! My first reason is that @CAPS2 allows you to talk to family or friends so you all get back in touch if a friend of yours moved to a diffrent state, then you can easily get back in touch straight from the computer. ""@CAPS2's nice to send emails or pictures to friends, but if you do @CAPS2 from the computer then @CAPS2 gets done so much faster!"" @CAPS3 @PERSON1, one of my neighbors. My next reason is that you can research anything you want like people, places or things and all refferances will come up. @CAPS2 is good to research for any projects, or school assignments you @MONTH1 have. I remember @CAPS4 my brother was working on his project. Everything he had trouble with, he found directly on the computer! My final reason is that there are alot of fun and exciting websites that you can relax and play on! These websites can keep you busy, and you wont be bored while playing! ""@CAPS4 im bored I go on the computer and play games, that I find on @CAPS5.com,"" @CAPS3 my younger cousin, @PERSON2. Computers @MONTH1 make people become adicted to them. Yes but, you will be learning some interesting things on how the internet works. More and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society. I strongly beleive that they do benefit society, heres why you can get in touch with people, you can research, and play fun games! @CAPS2's now or never to decide what you think! Call me and we will talk this through."	5	4	9
172	"Dear @CAPS1, Computers have really made an impact on society. Some people, think they have made a good impact while others think the opposite. I believe that they are a good thing in our lives and have made a drastic, but great impact. Some reasons that support my opinion are that computers are basically what helps us keep in touch with people, they make it very easy to find needed information and they make our school lives faster and much simpler. First of all, computers are pretty much how people keep in touch. There are many ways you can keep in touch over computers. Tere is video-chatting, e-mail and chat websites such as @CAPS2, @CAPS3, @CAPS4 etc. There are many people that really enjoy having the ability to keep in touch this way. It is a step up from talking on the phone. On the computer if you are web-chatting, you can not only talk to them, but you can see them! When it comes to chatting websites such as @CAPS2, there are millions of people who belong to this incredible website and love it. Kids and adults really enjoy having access to something like this. For me, since I moved to @STATE1 and had to leave all my friends behind, the computers has saved some of my relationships that I thought I would lose but didn't want to. I can e-mail my friends, and even see what they look like and how much they have changed on @CAPS2. Computers are a very helpful piece of technology that have helped me, and so many other people keep in touch. Another important reason computers are a wonderful technology item is because they make it so easy to find needed information. From what a word means, to the directions to get to @LOCATION1, the computer can help with all of this. I talked to my mom and she said. ""Computers just make @CAPS6 all of the information I need to knew about your brother's diabetes so easy."" @CAPS6 information in books can take so long. You have to go to the library or a bookstore, find the book you need with the correct information, and then you have to read through the whole book to find the information needed. On a computer, you can just google what you need to find, and read the article or map, etc. Computers have made @CAPS6 information a breeze and everyone loves how simple it is! The last reason that supports my opinion is that computers make our school lives faster and much simpler to deal with. In school, there are times when we need to write a very lengthy composition, and it will take forever to write. With a computer, typing up the composition would probably take around half the time of writing the composition. I took a survey of three kids that typed a composition and three kids that wrote it. I asked each of the kids how long it took them. The kids that wrote the paper said it took them around two hours. The kids that typed the composition said it took them around an hour. Also, when things are typed, they are usually easier to read which makes it easier for teachers to grade, and won't take as long. Computers make school easier for students and teachers. The opinion that computers are not a benefit to society just doesn't make sense. Yes, I know that there can be some disadvantages. But think of all the advantages compared to the disadvantages. There are a lot more good than bad things. Without computers, people would be incredibly stressed, and have a hard time making life easier. Computers are an amazing benefit to society. Everyone should agree with this because people stayin touch because of computers, computers make it very easy to find information that needed, and they make our school lives aint easier and faster for students and teachers. Computers have made an extremely large impact and changed our ways of life for the better!"	5	5	10
173	"Do you spend all or most of your freetime sitting at your computer? People are spending too much time on computers. Obesity is a growing problem in today's society, people need to interact with eachother, and we need to get some fresh air. Computer are ruining these things for people. Unplug yourself from your computer. More and more people are becoming obese. This is do to spending too much time sitting down in front of computers. There is absolutely no exercise involved with being on your computer. People need to get outside and go jogging, play games or ride their bikes. Cutting back on computer time would cut back on the obesity problem in our society. Top scientists and researchers say that it is extremely important for people to interact with others face to face. To our whole life, we will have to interact and socialize with others. If you don't develop these skills, you won't be happy where you end up. Talking to people over the computer is nowhere near close to talking to someone face to face. Get out and get some fresh air. Go experience nature. Bring out on the beach, hiking in the woods or even just sitting on the swing in your backyard can be the most. Fresh air clear your mind. Time says that kids who spend time outside receive better grades than they would if they were inside on the computer. People need to releave stress so go outside. Click turn off your computers and get out of your chair. Go get some exercise, go interact with friendsand family, or even just go outside and get some fresh air while relaxing. People are wasting too much time on their computers and it's flushing our society down the toilet, so just turn off your computer."	4	4	8
174	"Dear, @ORGANIZATION1. There has been lots of talk and arguments about computers and wether they benefits the society. I belive it does benefit society. One reson is because you can communicate with others. Another reson is theirs many things to do on these computers or even the world wide web. Haveing computers is always handy. You can talk or web chat with friends. This one time online I found my old friend from @LOCATION1, that I havened seen in five years. Whenever I come home from school I'll go on the computer and talk to all my friends. The computers a great place to make plans or to catch up with some buddies. My next reson for why they benifit society is theirs so much to do. It's like an at home amusment park. The internet is a wonderfull thing. either to do home work or play games. even some @ORGANIZATION1 I'll just sit down for two or three hours and just play a game. But, i still exercise daily. yes, computers can get addicting but, its always good to go outside and exersise. Many people say over @PERCENT1 of the @CAPS1. population has a computer, and @PERCENT2 check email or go on the computer every ten minutes. yes its not heathy but its their dissition. In conclution I belive computers are indeed benifical. I have stated many resons why. such as, They are great for communication or @CAPS2 up with some friends, also theirs an infinint amount of things to do. So if you don't have a computer go out and get one. They will be worth your wild."	4	4	8
175	"Dear @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 of the @LOCATION1 @CAPS3 I think that computers are a good thing to use. I know that some people do use the computer instead of enjoying a or exercising, but not everyone does that, The computer is a good resource to invest time in. The effects computers have on people is good (for the most part). The statement is true, people that use the computer can talk with people online and get information quickly than the library. I believe that the effects a computer has on a person, are good effects. When people use a computer they can get information which for research and work (word) That's because, when your on a computer you can simply relax but get available amount of work done. You can also do things while your on the computer, hold your dog, hold your cat, eat, drink, text, call. It's very multi propose (use). But some computers is a bad thing because not how the very expensive and same dont have the money to buy a computer but if you do have, you because they're of people or example @CAPS4 cheated and not a computer he could have good so rich and rumors because the computer is what he needs to be succesful with microsoft so computers are useful and the effect they have on people is a positive one."	3	4	7
176	"Dear State legistator, @CAPS1 you live back a long time ago when there were no computers. The only diffrence now is the technology is there but you are not allowed to use it. Do you think your job would be harder. I deffidently think that computers are making your job and everyone elses lifes easier. With the computer it teaches hand-eye cordination, gives people the ability to learn about far away places, and it gives people the ability to talk to each other. I belive the @CAPS4 technology of the computer is defidently helping out society. To start, computers are helping many people with their hand eye coordination. As you know hand eye coordination is necsicarry for a good driver. The @CAPS4 statistics that came out from “@CAPS2 drivers.com” the rate of accidents has decreased over the past ten years. In fact it decraced over @PERCENT1. With all the computer games that they have for young kids it is improving kids hand eye coordination. Starting at a young age. With the games like “@CAPS3” a majority of kids are ridding bikes skiing or snow boarding by five years old. All of these activities require very good hand eye coordination. Lastly , the resources that help with hand eye coordination are being used to help special-ed students get better at simple tasks at a faster pase. Secondly the world wide web is teaching people of all ages about places that are located thousands of miles away from their homes. Something that I personaly use my computer for is to research a location and find history on it before I go on vacation to that place. The computers in our school has helped our classes in social studies. My teacher @PERSON1 said that he has been grading more strictly often and the grades are still up by @PERCENT2 on computer and internet research projects. I should also add in that using the computers our school is in communication with a school in @LOCATION1. Once a week we email our pen-pa. the computers have deffidently helped my schools curriculum. Finally, computers are letting people of all ages talk to buisness partners, friends etc. The social networking sites have kept @PERCENT3 of friends in touch found in “@CAPS4-tech” magazine. I should also add in it has reconected @PERCENT4 of friends from high school all due to the computer. Another form of online talking is vidio chatting which many people are now using for buissness meetings instead of spending the money to fly to the location of their meeting. Now, for one day you should track how many hours you are on the computer for your job. I can bet the number is going to be about @PERCENT5 of the time you are in you office. The computers have with hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about places far away from home, and lets people talk to each other online. So do me a favor state legislator relize and come to terms how much society needs the computer."	4	6	10
177	"Dear The @ORGANIZATION1, ""@CAPS1, @CAPS1, @CAPS1"" goes the floor. ""@CAPS4 oh here comes pete."" ""@CAPS5, is he getting fat"". ""all he does is play on the computer all day long."" @CAPS6 is on increasing amount or teenagers throught the @LOCATION1 who are playing on the computer too much. This is needs to stop. ""@CAPS7 playing on computers is one of the worst things that they can do with their time."" @CAPS8 @PERSON1 of the international health committee. @CAPS6 are always going to be obesse people around the world but in the past @NUM1 years @LOCATION2 has doubled the amount of obese @CAPS7 in all of @LOCATION3."" @CAPS9 show that over @PERCENT1 of the american population is obese and very much so. The future of american is all obese lazy @CAPS7 who only want to sit down in front of a screen all day. @PERCENT2 of @CAPS7 who don't experience nature at a young age never fully appreciate it. Since they play on the computers all day they don't ever use nature, they won't care for it and litter and pollute even more. Just @CAPS7 playing on the computer can be very bad for the environment like it is bad for themselves. Not only do the computers hurt the @CAPS7 and the environment it hurts the family and friend, @CAPS7 who are on the computer all day aren't spending enough time with their family and friends families are supposed to be close and they can't be if someone is playing on the computer all day. Just a couple of weeks ago @PERSON2 rayfield @CAPS8 that he got grounded because he was playing on the computer so much he didn't talk to his many in two weeks. @PERCENT3 of people who get divorced happen because of the arguements over the amount of time spent on the computer. ""@CAPS8 @PERSON3 from the yale marriage research center. If @CAPS7 knew that they might cause their parents to diverse they might stop playing on the computer so much. Therefore @CAPS7 shouldn't spend that amount of time on their computer because of the health, the environment, and their families. So its up to the people really, do you want a nice physically fit nation where every family is close or and rundown obese hole in the wall that is ""called"" the @LOCATION4"	4	4	8
178	"@ORGANIZATION1, In my opinion computers can be entertaining and educational, but should not replace everyday living. Therefore I think that computers harm people and effect them in ways they do not realize. Three reasons that support my decision are the difference between reality and fantacy, family and friends, and your health. Many children and young adults are vulnerable to the assumtion that everything you see on the computer is true. Well, as some find out it is everything but that. The addictive games and electronic features lead you to believe that the people or @CAPS1 @CAPS2 you see are real life situations and activities. Computers are showing kids the wrong mind frame they need to be in. It affects school work and how they behave. They need to be in the right state of mind and get back to reality. Your family and friends have always been there for you. By your side even through your worst. Unfourtunetly, this addiction to the computer has brought you farther away from them. They are not happy with the way you treat them. They want a change so you can enjoy life again. Interact with a human being, not some graphic designed computer picture. That's all it is anyway, and that picture isn't going to be there for you. Your family and friends last longer than that. Your body is special and your health is important. A computer @MONTH1 suggest exercise but you are not going to really do it. You know that and the people who make computer sites know that. Your going to stay there and burn your eyes out from looking at a screen all day. It is not healthy for you or anyone else. Moving you fingers and pushing buttons is not exercise. Your already sitting anyway, so you are not doing anything helpful to yourself. You need to go outside and breathe in air and be in nature. Run around or play a bill game, but not on the computer. In conclusion, you can see how a computer can effect a person. Not only do they mistake fantacy and reality as the same thing, but you lose interaction with your friends and loved ones. Your health is also at risk when you spend hours staring and not moving anything but maybe two fingers. Please consider the risks and believe the facts because honestly, we are losing the chance to live and enjoy the world."	5	4	9
179	"Dear Local Newspaper, The question everyone is asking if computers benfit society? I believe that computers don’t because you can’t get exercise if youre always on the computers and @CAPS2's really hard to enjoy nature too. Another reason comuters don't benefit society is that you aren't interacting with friends and family. hopfully I have encouraged you to not use computers as much and go have fun with your family. If you are always on the computer how are you going to get exercise? @CAPS2's proven that more than half of united states of @CAPS1 is over weight. Exercising is more important than using the computer and knowing that you could be doing something use that you know is better wouldn't you do @CAPS2? Interacting with poeple is important to do because you can meet new people and if you don;t then you might learn to be shy and not make as much friends as you like @CAPS2's true taht oyu can make new friends over the computer but @CAPS2's not the some meeting them in person. Also if you do make a ""friends"" over the internet, you don't know if they are a stalker or a murderer. I urge you to go out and meet new people and not on the internet. knowing that you are better off not using the computer and being with the poeple you like, wouldn't you do @CAPS2? Yes you can play games on the computer but @CAPS2 would be ebtter if you play @CAPS2 with your fmaily. To answer the question everyone is asking I believe that computers don't benefit society at all and hopfully I have encouraged you to believe this too. "	3	4	7
180	"Dear @CAPS1, I believe that computers are good far societey. One reason is kids cant write a @NUM1 page essay by hand the will use a computer because it is eascier. People use computers every day if it's not talking with friends playing games it peoples buenesness. I personally don't use a computer that often just to check my email and school work but that dosn't mean that people don't need them. People get excirsize even when they don't knew it like walking have so they are not of that. I personally believe that computers are not bad for but they can be helpful like a research projects like if you don't feel like looking book to find information you could go on a computer and look up somthig you could have the information at your finger tips. Why are peope so concerned about what we @CAPS4 with our. We excirsize nobody dosen't excersize we excersize at scheol when we walk home when we walk our dog take out the trash but thert might experience. Another great thing about computers is that you can video chat a live video chanel so that you can hear talk and see the person this is a great couse of if a paren is away on a burensness you can see them and talk to them I have used it to talk to friends as well. Coumpouters are also great thing becaus of the program that can with it the programs are word, excell, @CAPS2, @CAPS3 ex. They help you write essays, @CAPS4 grades, charts ex. Without coumpotors we would have to @CAPS4 it by hand wouldn't be neat it would be messy. Coumputer excersize your. The las reason why computers are so great the enternet because everthing is on the enternet like if you want to shop. Without the of your go fot it if you want to play games whatch videos you can chat with friends, post pictures, post videos I coiuld go on but I wont all I hope you the @CAPS1 got my point computors not bad for you an that's a fact kids love them and adults then so think I you took coumptor away from childre adults how would kids @CAPS4, how woud adulds fun busnesses think about what you would @CAPS4 to the world us theught computers. Hey coumptors how would you @CAPS4 your new paper. Think about its what kind of world it would be like like they ca'nt fun withouoght the coumputer inside them or the coumputr the grade for tests people don't realize that we need computers and they need us."	5	4	9
181	"In my own opinion I think that people should get less time on computers more time exercising, enjoying, nature, and interacting with family and friends. If people spend time on computers they will not get off and be stuck on computers then spending time like going to the park, or the mall. For my second opinion that people should not get off of computers because it they ever leave somewhere far they are not to be able to contact you. If you on the computer you could get a computer that say's a free labtop then you could take it far like: On a airplane to north carolina, or virginia, or wasington @ORGANIZATION1, or a party, or a road trip, or on a ferry boat to the long island sound. For my third opinion that I agree people should not be off of computer because they might plan a trip to a far away place or a new house, or planing a anerveriry, or a new spot for a hunny moon a gorgest place like ona peek hill or at a hotel with a bed shape like a heart. For my fourth paragraph that I agree that people should not be off of computers that the count a location than person house or a location where they might be for that particular spot where that person is. For the fifth paragraph that I agree that people should not be able to get off of computers. I tell you why planning a birthday party for there child, or going to someone house for a visit like to tennessee. Or going to @CAPS2 @CAPS3 to see a basketball team and @CAPS1.S a another team and they are call @CAPS2 @CAPS3 lakers us caverlars. My conclusion is that people should not to be able to get off of computer."	3	4	7
182	"Dear readers, I think that its good and bad to use the computer to much"	1	1	2
183	"I walked into my living room. I saw my mom avidly reading the screen of our computer with pictures of caller masters and logos clastering the web page as well. I thought that the internet had just my mom better than I could that we should go on vacation. More and more people log on to a computer everyday, and although the people willing to change and believe in new advances in technology out on a strong argument of why computers are and there are still some that can only see the negative. I strongly support computers and believe they have a lot of potential. Computers make the work even smaler. They allow to talk to people thousands at miles away man instant. Also, you can reconnect with friends that you can't see anymore. For example, I used to go to an awesome @DATE1 camp and I made same of my best friends there. But @DATE1, they down, and instead of playing sports and having fun, I layed down on my basement to stand up because my sweat glued to the. Then one day, I heard the familiar that my computer's spokes when I receive an instant @CAPS1, I the energy to crawl over to the screen, to find out @PERSON1, one of my closest friends from wanted to take a bike ride down to the wall, and hang out with some other people we knew. to say I happily respond, ""@CAPS2 I definetly want to go,"" by a long scores of points. been for computers and @ORGANIZATION1. Instant @CAPS3, @CAPS4 would all have drifted apart and never talked again. anadem exaggerated argument people use against computer is that everybody that uses them doesn't exercise. I frequent my computer almost every hour, so I made a system to ensure I got exercise. Every time I walk the room my computer is hooked, I grab the pull up right and do @NUM1. I only thought of this system @NUM2 months ago and I have already my own muscles, and I can do @NUM3 pull as at a time but when I started I struggled to do @NUM2. If not for the amazing of computers that me back, I would still do exercise, only to after about a week. Computers give easy to the internet, which has so much information it is. Unless it is a closely grounded secret. You could probably find whatever you want on the internet. Ive gone countless time to find for an essay with the limited textbooks have just isnt what you need. My country project @DATE1 year couldn't have had more than @CAPS5 pleces of information from a book! It also makes a great teacher of about any subject as well. As a matter of fact, my language arts teacher told us a story about how ever the @DATE1 a ball that has never done any sort of water sports before, spent @NUM2 weeks watching videos on youtube about how to waterski, and on his first dearly doing tricks. These are only a few of the reasons I think computers are great. They keep friend ships close, give you a reason to exercise, and can teach you anything! I say we spread the good word about computers and let every one know how awesome they are."	6	5	11
184	"Dear @CAPS1 newspaper, I have resently read that ther are some people do not agree with computers. They belive that people use them all the time. I dissagre with them. One of my examples of why I disagree is because they give a person the ability to talk to someone. This is a great idea! What if your friend moved a few states over wouldn't you still want to communicate? Well, with high long-distance rates, many cna't afford this and how would you see your friend anymore? Well, if you send her pics, or video chat over the web, you can! Also, its a great idea if you want to send a small mesage like ""see you at @NUM1"", instead of saying it on the phone, and paying more, when its free on the computer. The computer also teachs hand-eye coordiantion that is important to use in the world. You can play games, take quiza and tests, go to school on the internet, even listin to music, that is important for us to express. Also there are sites that allow you to learn how to use a keyboard, and work electronics like a computer! And lastly, the computer gives you the ability to see far away places without even beiong there. This helps you do a project on a place you have never been, plan a family reunion or vacation, or find a place where you can have that fun in the shining sun, many people think that too many people are staying in front of their computer than exercising and being outside. To prevent that, they should just limit themselfs to the amount of computer and electronic time they have per day and then go exercise go to a faraway place. So, the computer teachs hand-eye coordiantion, allows you to talk to others,and allows you to see far away places. Don't you think that is great? Think about it. "	4	4	8
185	"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 a world where the uneployment rate rises sinificgently, people can't communicate or learn as fast, and everyone is stressed out. That's what the world would be like if computers just discapeared. I think computers are more benefical to society then some people relize. They teach us new things and help us with hand-eye coordination. Many jobs are involved with computers, such as an acountend. Computer games and @CAPS2 help take the edge off after a hard day. Schools are the backbone of society. They teach kids and teen how to become sucessful adults. Computers have helped greatly in speeding up the teaching process. Teachers can now acess grades in a heartbeat. My computer helps me."	4	3	7
186	"Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1 do you feel about computers? I know that I think they are a great to we are lucky to have them. They have to be used in moderation though, because exercise and staying healthy is good. I hope you will share my opinions in your next article to help pursude readers on my view of computers. What I believe is the best thing about computers, is that it is a great source to learn. The internet can connect all over the world, and you can learn about other cultures. You can know everything about that country without ever visiting! Or you can use it to find out about you family's history. Many record keeping systems are switching to computers now. When we took a field trip to @LOCATION1 they had data bases there that had every name of the people that went through there. Studies show that @NUM1 people find the internet easy to use, and quicker than any method. Another thing about computers is they help you in the work place. Lets say you had a job designing houses to be built. In old times you would have to draw it out by hand using numerous instruments and tools, but now you could make the design using just one tool, the computer. It is a much away way to to you job and if assists the customers because before if the wanted the house to be a different you would have help to draw it all over again. Now you just have to make an ajustment on the computer and in seconds its done with the new design. These day if not @PERCENT2 then @PERCENT1 of house designers use computers. Computers also play in a social role. On the internet you can connect and chat with friends. Also you could share pictures of both of you at a baseball game @DATE1 to keep memories. Or you can send them a website with a really funny video of someone getting with a soccerball. Experts did a study and it showed that @NUM2 times the reason a teen goes on the internet is to connect with friends. ""@CAPS2 @PERSON1 (computer expert and developer) what do you think the number one reaso teen use computers teen use computers is?"" @CAPS3, I would have to say to chat with friends. I dont see why they wouldn't, it's simple and almost in ."" Computers are, a great advancement in our technology. They assist us in everyday life, life and make difficult tasks simple. They should not be over used though and you need to keep a healthy mind and body. All of the thing we could learn from them though help in the argument of that. To me the computer is the same step forward as the light bulb was. Computer source found @PERCENT3 of in @LOCATION2, and. I believe they will be in all of our homes. Some families find them @CAPS2 useful the have more than one in the household. They can come in all shapes and sized to fit your wants and needs, and can connect you to anything in the world."	5	6	11
187	"Dear @LOCATION1, I believe that computers benefit society very much. I believe so fo various reasons that I will state through out this passage. Although sometimes people spend too much time on computer it doesn't mean computers are bad for society it just means people need to learn to spend their time wisely. Overall I think computers have a positive effect on society. One reason I am for computers is because they are a huge advancement in technology. They are able to make everyday life easier. They allow you to store information. Learn about many places, and communicate with friends and family. For one device to do all that is amazing! Also if we can make something like computers imagine all the other possibilities of technology advancements. Computers are only the start of it all! Anouther reason why I believe computers greatly benifit society is because they provide entertainment. You can watch movies on your computer, and download fun games. There is hardly anything you can't do on a computer. If it is cold outside or raining you can still entertain yourself with just a computer. Computers are very great to have around. Now anyone who thinks people spend too much time on their computer and that computers are bad for society is just wrong. I think those people are wrong because a computer can't force you to spend more time on it. It's your own fault if you choose to use your computer too much. You always have the choice to go outside and take a walk. Computers are only wrong if you choose to use them wrong, like the expression ""guns don't kill people, people do."" In conclusion I believe computers are a great thing to have espicially in this modern society. Computer are one of the greates advancements in technology and they benifit society as well. So if you are ever wondering weather or not to buy a computer I suggest you get one!"	4	4	8
188	"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 are several reason how computers have effect on people. My position is to convice the local newspaper why certain people @CAPS2't and @CAPS3 use computers. People getting caught up on the @CAPS4, or people not having enough money to explore the world, so they just be on the @CAPS4. In effect, people @CAPS2't waste their time on the @CAPS4 because you will get caught up. For example, my friend @PERSON1 stay on the computer more than @NUM1 hours. He tells me that his on a @CAPS5 line, hooking up with other people. He for gets about everybody. He's so on the @CAPS4. He stop going school, he gaining. Now he just a nobody. He just sit in front of his computer and do nothing. I feel like he just threw his life away just for some stupid @CAPS5 line. @CAPS8's not hard to find another in our city. @CAPS8's alot of beautiful young lady's out here to explore. Similary, people @CAPS2't waste their time on the @CAPS4 because you start losing time. For instance, you spend less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. People stop losing their focus on important, and start paying attention on other things like the, was a great person. She was so successful. She make tons of money. Until she start losing her her job. She stop cause she was so stock on facebook. Facebook is like a place for a friend @CAPS6 you could meet other people from different @CAPS7 you could just find people to date on that website. Facebook turn her life around. I remember her telling my mom how her life is so mess up now. How she got fired, how she don't pay her bill, and how she moving into a. Sometimes websites make lose focus on important thing in life. Consequently, certain people @CAPS3 use computer because the @CAPS4 help you with certain things. In summation, @CAPS8 help you find hotel or trip to go on with your friends or families. I love being on the @CAPS4. One time I sign up for this website that was called myspace. For moment I did got caught up on @CAPS8. Continue line."	4	5	9
189	"Computers can affect the way people are and how they interact. Why is there a need to spend your precious life sitting in front of a compute all day?When you can be getting exercise for example going to your local gym. Computers become a distraction to your social life, thats why you should use them for emergency's and spend more time with your wonderful family and friends. Lastly you can enjoy you surrounding and appreciate life and nature. Computers are meant for business not for people to sit around and to nonsense things. Exercise is very important it helps the human body grow and stay in fit. If your sitting in front of a computer all day your body is going to shut down and won't get the proper exercise. Sports can be just as enjoyable and helps build the human body and gives you the right amount of exercise that your body needs. Sports also build hand and eye coordination just like if your sitting on the couch using a computer. In conclusion exercising can give you all of the same utensils that computers give you but it also benefits citizens more. Family is a wonderful thing in life, but they don't live forever. That's why we should cherries every last moment we have with them. A complete citizens and drives them from family and friends. Computers can take away your social life and you never do go out and meet people and friends. To sum things up computers are a to citizens and cause them to drive out family and friends. Nature is exotic and beautiful and all of us should take care of it and appreciate what we have. Computers can become harmful to nature and destroy homes for animals, for example when you print something from your computer it prints if out on paper. This causes more trees to be knocked down and cut for paper. We should only use paper for emergency's and not splurge on it. We all want the world to be a better place so stop destroying it for our own benefits! In conclusion computers just in the and will cause chaos and destruction. Instead of using them we could be getting the right amount of exercise, and spending it with family, and lastly enjoying nature and our surroundings. I strongly consider that you take my ideas into consideration and hopefully agree with them. "	4	5	9
190	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, In @CAPS2 opinion, computers are fantastic! Therefore, I believe computers have a great effect on peoples life. Three reasons to support @CAPS2 decision are many jobs use computers, instead of using a dictionary or thesaurus, you can just search it and it is a big help at home/around the house. @CAPS2 first reason is, that many jobs in the state, or nation use a computer. Statistically saying @NUM1 out of @NUM2 jobs in the state use a computer or technology relating to a computer hardware. If you honestly think about it, if you were a teacher, a factory employee, etc, you practicly wouldn't even be able to do your job without it. We have learned alot from the new inventions that came about in the past decade, or two. If we have learned anything in the past @NUM3 years, it would be the ""@CAPS1 the time you spend on the computer, but go on because you will learn some things you never know before."" @CAPS2 second reason is we have alot more useful search engines than @NUM3 years ago. In/around the @NUM5's, if you wanted to find information, the only resort was...books. Yes, I mean reading is great, but now having the computer is faster and easier. All you do is go to @ORGANIZATION2 and type in what you want to find. Then it comes up in about @NUM6 seconds with around @NUM7 links to websites to help you out. Just think, now theres no table of contents, just a link and a click! @CAPS2 third reason is it is a big help around the house/at home. In the state of @LOCATION1, about @PERCENT1 of people have a laptop or a computer in their home. But, this isn't a bad thing, because it can help with so many things. Including, help with the children, help with cooking, with organizing, anything! Let's say you don't know what time ""@CAPS3's"" friends birthday party starts, no worrys just ask his mom on @CAPS4! Or you need a recipe for dinner, find it on cooks.com. This makes life alot easier and puts a extraordinary effect on your life! In conclusion, having a computer in your life is great, because so many jobs use computers, theres so many searching things, and it is helpful at home. So, computers have a awesome effect on people's lives!!"	4	5	9
191	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I understand that the idea of advances in technology benefiting society is a very controversal topic. However, I support these advances in technology and I believe that computers have a positive effect on people. They allow friends and family who live far away from each other to communicate and stay in touch. Computers @CAPS7 allow easy access to the news and online textbooks which provides an enourmous amount of benifits to today's society. In the long run, doing more things by computer instead of on paper will save billions of trees! @CAPS7, computers teach us hand-eye coordination which is a tremenciously important skill. These advances in technology are extremely benefitial to our society and should be taken advantage of! ""@CAPS1, @CAPS1!"" @CAPS3 computer wails as I recieve a video call from @CAPS3 cousin, @PERSON4. The advantage in technology has provided many new ways for @CAPS3 family and I to communicate with each other. @CAPS3 cousins and I rarely see one another, but computers make it possible for us to stay connected. Four out of five teenagers would agree that without computers or technological advances, their long-distance relationships with family and friends wouldn't be possible. For example; I go on oovoo once a week to video chat with @CAPS3 cousin whom I only see on holidays. Teen @CAPS4, @PERSON2 says: ""Technology such as computers and cell phones are great for teens, but it should be monitored and not used excessively."" Computers are great for keeping in touch with family and friends at a distance! Next, computers allow easy access to the news and online textbooks. @CAPS5 more people took advantage of this, we could sace millions of trees and have a healthier environment. Environmentalist, @PERSON3 says: ""@CAPS5 more schools switched to online textbooks they would end up saving thousands of dollars that can be put elsewhere."" I agree, @CAPS3 friend @PERSON1 says. ""@CAPS5 we didnt have to take home so many textbooks everyday, I might not have scoliousis!"" @CAPS7, computers allow quick access to the news, so we can find out about accidents right away instead of waiting for the newspaper to come. @CAPS7, computers help children develop hand-eye coordination, which is a very important skill. Computer activities keep our brain excercising and @MONTH1 even help us hit more accurately next baseball season! Three out of five kids at @ORGANIZATION2 say that @CAPS5 they didn't have a computer growing up, they wouldn't be as good at their sport. Computers are an extremely useful recource for many things that we need to take advantages of!"	6	5	11
192	"Computers are something everyone uses but there is a time when you get off and start expericing life. Computers do teach hand-eye cordination, let you talk to friends and family, and give you the chance to learn about faraway places and people. But it alos causes people to spend more time of the computer and less time exrcising enjoying nature, and interacting with friends and family. Excercise is a big thing in peoples life. It people, in shape and healthy @PERCENT1 of obeseity is caused by of the computers. Staying on all day sitting down rating. I think these should be a limit on a computer so people spend less time on the computer and more exercising. Most people dont know what it does to them but  time they get unhealthier and weaker. They dont know that sitting down for hars and hars eating a bag a chips does time. Once they start doing it, it because a habit and eating and just go on the computer for hars and hars. Not only does it decrease the time peole spend exercising it also decreases the time people spend enjoying and the Computers are addicting you go on for five minutes and you forget all what you do before you know it you have @CAPS1 hours. When people go on the computers they forget all about things they  do. Shopping going  with you friends and family. Enjoying nature  things and you that . It takes away your time that you can be going to the , going to stores restaurant the things you."	5	4	9
193	"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2 people in our community use computers for positive ideas. Such as if gives you hadn and eye coordination, gives people the ability to research on far away places and allows you to talk to far away family. This is why I think computers have a positive effect on people. To begin with computers give a positive efect on people because it gives you hand and eye cordination. For example that can help you to have ability to do more. Like work somewhere such as a restraunt. This needs lots of cordination for holding heavy trays. My mom is a waitress and she needs a lot of cordination she tells me. Another reason would be you would have more hand cordination driving because you can react fast. Some people say that computers make you not be able to see while. Which than you would need glasses. But thats there desision this can give you one reason that computers are a positive effect on people today. Secondly why computers are a positive effect because it gives people the ability to search far away places. Why this can be a good thing is because you can get a good idea of what its like and might want to take a trip there. Another reason would be that students usually have projects which call for research in other countries. Computers make kids smarter that way but some people say that kids could get on a website where it can be bad, which also they arn't getting exersize if all there doing is researching when they can do that in the own town. But about @PERCENT1 of kids can stil be on the computer than go and get exersize. This is another reason computers are an impact. Lastly, why computers are positive is kids and adults can talk to there friends or family quicker. For exmaple if a family member lives far away instead of mail you can send it on the computer in a @NUM1 minute send. Its quicker and easier. Another reason is your kids will be able to talk to there friends faster than mail as well. About @PERCENT2 of kids use computers to talk to there friends But some people say kids can think there talking to there friends but could be someone bad. But to make sure all your friends should have one question to make sure its there friend. This is why to computers are a positive impact on young adults, and children, parents. To conclude, I would like to say that computers are a positive impact for a couple reasons one it gives you more hand and eye coordination gives people the ability to search other countries and beable to talk to friends. Others disagree because it can ruin your eyes, not get exersize and lastly give your child unsafe. But that can be changed easily by limiting kids, see who they talk to and get them in a sport. This is why I think computers are a postive impact."	4	5	9
194	Computer can be used for anyting but sometimes people use it for illeagle things like music some music site are a illeagle and sometimes thing off the internet. People meet over the internet can be sometimes dangerous because some people lye about there age or put fake pictures of them.	1	1	2
195	"Dear Readers, @CAPS1 has come to my attention that there is a debate on whether or not computers benefit society. This issue is debatable but really I think that computers are not helping the big picture. I don't think that they benefit our health or social actions because computers keep us inside when we could be out. Everyday when I come home from school, I find myself going straight inside and to the computer from there, I log into @CAPS2 and @CAPS3. And my exersize in the next @NUM1 hours or so is only in my fingers. My point is that there is a whole world outside of we only got off our computers and played outside. Statisctis show that @NUM2 kids spend more time inside year-round than out these days. ""@CAPS1 is ridiculous how much things have changed in just @NUM3 years."" says @PERSON1 a pediatrician in @LOCATION1, ""they all need thier exersize."" @CAPS1 is cutrogeous how much people are on computers now, @CAPS1 starts to affect thier attitude, and control thier lives. Sometimes checking notifications on @CAPS3 can be more important to someone than spending time with thier family or friends. A mom of @NUM4 teens says ""They all go to thier rooms, shut thier doors and go on @CAPS3 and @CAPS6 untill dinner and after, they go right back."" In this case, they just plug into thier computers and forget about everyone else. I think @CAPS1 has gotten out of hand how much people and teens especially are addicted to computers. 1/@NUM4 mom says she sees her kid growing apart from the family because of a computer. You @MONTH1 say that when on your computer there is a person you are talking to, and while pen-pals are great, you should really go out and do something! You are talking your friends, but its not the same as being with them. On my recent trip to @LOCATION2 to go skiing, I found that some of my friends jokes funnier when you're with her and not just sitting on a computer. We had a blast! Now I regret not getting together with her to hang out. Also @NUM6 arguments now, have something to do with a missunderstanding through the computer, people @MONTH1 get the wrong message when you send something to them or they take @CAPS1 the wrong way. The truth is, computers are starting to take negative effect on our society and even ruin relationships. If we just get off our computers and get out, we can turn that around."	5	5	10
196	"Many families across the globe use computers, whether their from @LOCATION1, all the way to the deserts of @LOCATION2. However, believe that being on a computer can negative effects to you like lack of exercise, In @CAPS21 perspective. I can agree, with there, but I truly believe that computers can have a positive effect on society if used correctly. With computer on @CAPS21 side, I believe there are many positive effects towards computers, such as: there are many things to do, you can from the internet, and it is very entertaining. If you have a computer, I'm sure you can agree with me that there are tons of good things you can do. For example, I know of many online colleges. Ever heard of the commecial, ""@CAPS1 in your @CAPS2's?"" that is where students can got their @CAPS3.E.D and have a succesful carreer. Not only that, you can get discounts on many items just by shopping online. There are many shopping sites online, such as @ORGANIZATION1. Furthermore, many shops like @CAPS4 @CAPS5 have a catolog online, where you and effenly. Lastly, if you have close relatives or friends that live far away, there are many options today like @CAPS6, (@CAPS7 @CAPS8 @CAPS9). Webcam programs like which you see and talk to each other using a webcam and @CAPS10, where you can find your friends and check how their doing daily. These are all good reasons why computers are sucess in the economy. Some computers are used for entertainment. Online there are many @CAPS16 you can play, like @CAPS11's (@CAPS12 @CAPS13 Online @CAPS14-@CAPS15 @CAPS16) I play many of these, including @CAPS16 such as @CAPS17. I love these @CAPS16 because they are very amusing world. You watch many of your favorite movies watch funny obeses on the internet via @CAPS18. @CAPS18 is a world-wide used source where you can watch or upload videos so the world can see. A @CAPS18 video is ""@CAPS19 @CAPS20 @CAPS21 @CAPS22,"" a young boy gets bitten by his younger brother. This entertainment system is also a great way to use up time lik if you're bored. I can see how people be to it, but you just need to use it wisely and make a plan to use the computer maybe an hour a day. A computer also has many great sources you can learn from, like an online website that has fun @CAPS16 called @CAPS23. With this, you can play many fun @CAPS16 while learning about interesting facts about science. In @CAPS21 science class, we use this websites many times, to us learn about motion/gravity. You can also conduct research on the web, you with many projects. I know I use the web to with almost every project I have."	5	5	10
197	"@ORGANIZATION1, In my opinion computers are good for people. I believe this because many people get to see things that on their daily basis wouldnt. I think that computers have a positive effect on people. I think that many people now a days work alot so they might not have time to remember little things such as going to buy newspaper or they might not even have time to watch the news on tv, but because of computers they can read or see the same things but in less time. Some people have a job that includes computers so they could also read the newspaper on their computer while also working. This benefits sociaty its own way. I believe computers are very useful to everyone. C omputers can help people get in touch. They can keep in touch by using webcam and etc. It could also let them communicate. Computers allow people to see each other from different places in the world. It gives people a chanve to see the people you couldnt see from afar. In my opinion people can also learn from computers. Computers have many positive effects that are very important. They give people a chance to learn things. This can benefit sociaty because the more knowledge people have the better it is. It gives people who didnt get a chance to learn what they wanted to actually do so and learn it. Computers do benefit sociaty lets take @PERSON1 for example he says that @PERCENT1 of kids believe that computers have helped them in their own way. Many people can be bored at times but because of computers and the fun things it has such as games, videos... etc.. People get to actually spend some time doing something like @PERSON1 stated kids believe computers are helpful because by playing those games it can give them hand eye coordination and help them in different ways at the sametime. (takes away boredom and lets them get good hand eye coordination) Computers also benefit sociaty by letting people has such technology. Many time technology is needed in everyones life. Technology has helped many people and still continues to. Computers is one of the technology that helps people. Technology can teach people things that they do not even know they could do. In conclusion I believe computers have many great positive effects on people, and it also doesnt only benifit people that use this technology it benifits others in a way too. It gives everyone a chance to learn about things, and do them so I believe computers are a great thing to have."	5	4	9
198	"Dear Newspaper, ""@CAPS1 no!' I forgot the deffinition to this homework problem and I don’t have my notes. Now, in this situation a computer would be very helpful to just type in the word and get a whole bunch of results. This is why I believe having access to a computer at all times is very helpfull because you can find information that you've been needing. You can get in touch with a friend if you need to or just to talk to lostly if you are just sitting around and having nothing to do you can just go on the computer and discover things you @MONTH1 not have known. Having access to a computer is a real and very helpfull because if your just having a conversation with someone and you forget a name of an important fact you want to tell them, you can always just look it up. For me, a lot of the times I just need information about maybe a sports player of facts about a famous event. Since our technology is so up to date the computer is right there sitting with many of the helpfull facts we would like to know. Friends are a big part of my life and I love just to talk to them and see how they are doing. Again, our technology is so advanced now that there is a bunch of websites where we can talk and see how we are doing. A big reason why being able to talk to friends and family is helpful is for taking to people that are very far away and the ones you dont normally see. On a computer you can talk to people from not only all over the @CAPS2.S.A but even in other countrys! Finally, the times I find having a computer around me most helpfull is when I am just bored with nothing to do! I can just visit a whole bunch of educational websites on things I @MONTH1 have learned in school or wanted to learn. On the internet there are many things to keep you occupied like games or ou can even watch movies from your home onto the computer! If you have a computer around your house you should not be bored because there is many things you can be doing or even learning! Having a computer around your house is so helpfull, you can have fun but your even learning how to be good with technology at the same time. Computers are the future and its a good one. So I suggest you pick one up and just have a blast, you wont be sorry."	4	5	9
199	"Let's go back around @NUM1 years ago. Those were days when it could take weeks to communicate with out of state family. Days when knowledge was only found in books, and ofen found slowly. Those were days where everything was done with a lack of speed and precision. Computers change all that. With nothing but the tap of a finger, we can communicate with people worldwide, or sea the web for some knew information. @PERCENT1 of people's relatives live out of their state. I can relate, with @NUM2 cousins in @LOCATION2 and @NUM2 in @LOCATION1. Without these instant messages and emails, we would more than likely talk to them once, maybe twice a year! Some people say that computers make people spend less time interacting with family and friends. For me personally, and I know many others, interaction would be impossible without these modern manuals. With all the @LOCATION1 technology out there. Nothing has me as amazed as the webcam. You, with this tool, can talk face to face with someone on the other side of the world! The world is a better place when we can have a true connection to other cultures, and what better way than to talk to them. What people @NUM4 years ago would never think possible, we can use at a moments notice, and yet still, many people don't appreciate it. My @CAPS1 and my @CAPS2 have both used internet to reunite with old college buddies, or see how far away friends are. These are grown ups, using the tools available to improve their lives. Internet goes beyond teenagers on @CAPS3 and @CAPS4. What you can find online still amazes me. The information you could get out of @NUM2 non-function books, you could find in turn minutes on the internet. Any question, including personal, anything, can be answered. Years ago people would have killed for this power, for the common man to be able to access all he ever needed to. I see the point people make about needing excersize and they're right. But in five minutes on the web you could have an exersize routine planned out, with modern techniques and styles. The computer has anything for anyone. Looking for some place to enjoy nature & @ORGANIZATION1 it. In seconds there will be thousands thousands of results. Missing a dictionary? There are literaly hundreds of sites to find a definition online. People take these machines for granted and assume we could live without them, but I doubt they ever realize how much we really need them. The technology is there. Why not use it? I could never turn down an opportunity to talk to a distant cousin, or another kid from a different country. I couldn't pass up a chance to check up on some old buddies that moved away. Thanks to computers, I have that opportunity. I have that chance. I've been shown an open door to find out everything I could want. Man can't know everything. But these days, he can find out anything. I'm not sure if the omputer has changed the direction of advancing technology, but I can tell you, it has definitly offered the course."	5	5	10
200	"Dear Local newspaper, I just read about your article regarding the computer usage. In my opinion I think that computers are a good thing. Yet, I believe that it could have a negative influence as well. I believe that computers are one of mankind's best technologies. You can type, learn about historical happenings, different places, and different cultures as well. You can talk to people from far away by using chat or the webcam. That's what I use to speak to my @CAPS1's who live in @LOCATION2. Computers are one of the best things that has happened to me and my life. However, although computer can be such a good thing, it can be bad as well. A lot of people over used it too. I infact know a person and she's a very nice person. She's sweet, caring, loves kids, and has a kind heart. The only thing is, is that she's a @CAPS2 addict. She loves @CAPS2. Sometime when she comes over, I'll be using my laptop and she'll ask to check her @CAPS2 status. My point is, is that she allows @CAPS2 to take over her. not cool. I read an article the other day about computer usage in @LOCATION1. Dr. @PERSON1 covered this article on the topic of computer usage. She said ""The average american spends four hours or more on the computer. Although there are other people who spend their time outside when it's nice. I congradulate them on that"". See, now you heard it from the expert as well. In cocnclusion, I would like to state that computers can have either a positive influence or a negative one as well. So it all depends on how you use it and how much time you spend on it. So my point that I would to come across @LOCATION1 is that use you computer wisely. Don't spend all of your time on it. Life's too short for that. So spend time with family and friends and go outside too!"	4	4	8
201	"Dear Newspaper, I think that computers have a good effect on peoples' lives. You can do alot of stuff on the internet that costs too much to do without it. You can study different foods and cultures around the world. If you play games online you can get better hand-eye coordination skills. There are also things you can buy to video chat with family or friends. The computer is very convinient and useful. If you are interested in a place in the world you can type in the name of the place and get facts about cultures, foods, and more. Instead of buying an airline ticket to see @LOCATION1, you can go online to learn @CAPS1 language. You can also study food s that people eat and the clothes they wear. You can also learn sports and games. If you play games on the computer you can get a better hand-eye coordination. Most games you can daunloads and are free. There are puzzle games that challenge you, action that are fun and take rapid button pressing, and adventure that let you explore new lands. And in alot of these games you can talk to people and make friends. There are otherways to talk instead of games. There is email, chat rooms, facebook, twitter, and video chat. With any of these things you can talks to friends or family around the world or in your state/country. All of these you can either download, go on the internet for, or buy them. You can talk to old friends or you can talk to family you havent seen in a while. Video chat you can see eacho ther, face book you can share pictures and chat rooms you can talk with multiple people. In conclusion computers are very convinient for our society today. Whether it's studying the world, having fun, or talking to people you know, the computer has many wonderous things for people"	4	4	8
202	"Dear newspaper, I think that using your computer too much is bad. Some people spend way too much time on the internet. Many people are too focused on the internet and they lack on their normal activities. Also, the computer is bad for people because they will be on the internet all night and get no sleep. This leaves them exausted for the day ahead. Alot of people spend too much time on the internet. Since they are always on the internet, they don't spend alot of time with their families. This causes the internet addicted person to lose relationships with their family and friends. Not exercizing is a result of this addiction also. For example, my stepbrother is always on the internet now. He doesn't talk to anyone because he is so preoccupied with his game. Another problem people encounter with the internet is being too focused. When you are too focused on the internet, you forget there is a whole world out there that needs your help, most people won't do their choires, or make a meal for their family. These people also have no time for their outdoor activities they used to enjoy. Internet addicts usually don't get any sleep. They have no time to study at night because they spend all their extra time on the internet. During the day, they will be very tired in school or work and the internet will be the one to blame. Last month my mom made a facebook. She is constantly on it. When she is on she ignores everything around her. My mom goes to school and she tells me how she never has time to study because she always on the internet. She also stopped reading the bible in her spare time to go on the internet. The internet is a bad thing to get hooked on. You lose relationships with your friends and family because you never get off the computer. People usually don't exercize or do thier chores. This is not a very good addiction to get into."	4	4	8
203	"@DATE1 @CAPS1 The @CAPS2, I believe that computers in today's society have a possitve affect on people. I believe this because if people use it for education purposes to chat, email, or to reasearch it does make a difference in peoples lives. If you use the computer for educational purposes like games, you could really learn a lot. For example, I help my sister with her multiplication on a math game we have. Also, I learned to type with type to learn @CAPS3. on my desktop computer at home. Many other people use it for these reasons too. They also might use it for typing a project or making a presentation. Others might only use it for chat and e-mail. These things can still benefit our society though. Using the computer for chat, such as, facebook, myspace, and twitter can also benefit our society today. These websites benefit us because we can meet new people, catch up with old friends, or even talk with carrent friends. also on @ORGANIZATION2, @ORGANIZATION1, or @ORGANIZATION3 we can e-mail people instead of instant messaging them. For example, if you have something really big to say to someone you might want to write on email. If you just want to say hello you could use facebook, myspace, or twitter if you have an account. Computers do benefit our society today. All of the reasons in my letter support my position on wether or not computers benefit our society."	4	4	8
204	"Dear The @CAPS1 @CAPS2, Your resources, your entertainment, even your communication with people might be fading. @CAPS8 you know a large portion of people think this @PERSON2 is harming our society. Well I will say I think they don't understand these benifit that computers bring us. Computer act like teachers teaching us without us even knowing it. Hand-eye coordination is a perfect example. Plus, we use computers to learn about places we might want to travel to, or have a conversation with frinds or family living ways away tromus. Computers is an extrodarny piece or technology. First, I like to say everything that you do physically uses hand-eye coordination. Making dinner, riding a bike, driving a car etc. And unfortiunitly not @CAPS6 people are the best at hand-eye coordination. One of @CAPS7 friends, @PERSON1, had horriable hand eye coordination. So for his birthday I decided an getting him a computer. It's been @NUM1 month since his he had his computer and @CAPS8 he was trying to hit a baseball at his sons party, he moneged to hit the ball @NUM2 out of @NUM3 where he used to hit it @NUM1 or @NUM5 out of @NUM6. @PERCENT2 is a termendous increase in only @NUM1 month! Just something @CAPS8 simple @CAPS8 a computer improved @CAPS7 friends hand-eye coordination a termendous amount. Secondly, the computer can help you learn about far away places @CAPS8 the @LOCATION1 or @LOCATION4. Do you really want to travel up to the icey cold, and piercing winds of the @LOCATION1 just to learn about it? For some I'd say like that but what if you cant travel up the @LOCATION1 due to money or flying conditions. I want to be able to study about polar bears and the glaciers without needing to worry. A statics from the @CAPS3 @CAPS4 of @CAPS5 states ""@PERCENT2 of people wpould love to experience the thrill and excitement of the @ORGANIZATION1 lights. But out of those @PERCENT2 only @PERCENT3 said they'd actually travel to @LOCATION2 to see them"". So you can see that @PERCENT4 of those people wouldn't go whether it be due to money or the cold. Thery @CAPS6 said thats why they love the computer. They can experience the @ORGANIZATION1 lights without needing to travel into the bitter cold.Lastly, that better thing to do on the computer than with family you've never met before or don't get to see them. The editor for the @LOCATION3 Local states ""@CAPS7 parents live over @NUM8 miles away. I rarly get to tell to them now because I can't afford to travel that distance ofter. So I use @CAPS7 computer, @CAPS7 parents and I now communicate @PERCENT1 more than we used to. I love the computer it helps keep me close to @CAPS7 loved ones."" @CAPS8 you can tell, thanks to the computer we talk @PERCENT1 more to his parents than he used to! In conclusion, the computer is a gracous device that is extremely benifital to people. The computer teaches us hand-eye coordination, lets us learn about places we other wise would never learn about, and to have conversations with friends or family that we generally dont get to see often. Now you go out and make anyone that says computers are a horrible inventions you tell them exactly why computers are so important!"	6	6	12
205	"Dear readers many people use computers but, not so many people think @CAPS4 benefits society. Well, I @CAPS5! I think this because the internet helps you connect with people you're looking for. The internet also gives you the advantage to shop online. If you don't have a @CAPS1 system, you ca get directions online. If you read more you will see why I support these details. Have you ever heard of @CAPS2 or @CAPS3? Well incase you haven't @CAPS4's a social networking site, @CAPS4 helps you connect, chat and find people you are looking for. I have a @CAPS2 and a @CAPS3 and they're not that bad. They're actually fun. There is games you can play, quizzes you can take and you can chat with your friends. @CAPS4's a great way to find someone you know in another town or even. This is one reason the computer is a good source. If there is ever a reason you can't drive to store or where ever you need to go to buy something, you can shop online and buy @CAPS4! you can just type in the adress of the website and look at all the stuff they have and click what you want and buy @CAPS4! They even have grocery shopping online. So next time your really upset that you can't go shopping, just shop online. ""@CAPS4 might take a while to get your purchase items, @CAPS4's worth the wait."" @CAPS5 you have a @CAPS1 system? well if you don't, don't worry! you can go online to a website such as www.mapquest.com. All you have to @CAPS5 is type in the adresss where your starting from and then the adress where your going to. Then you can print out the directions so you won't be lost! Thats deffinatly an advantage! So, don't you think that the computer is a deffinate advantage to almost everyone? Well I @CAPS5! you can use @CAPS4 to find people you need to find. you can shop online and you can easly in less than finve minutes get directions! That's any almost everyone should use a computer."	4	4	8
206	"Guaranteed, @NUM1 years from now we will still be using computers they are probably talking to friends, doing research on something or are typing up something for @ORGANIZATION1. Computers are wonderful and let us do so many things that we can't do by ourselves. Without computers life as we know it would probably be way different. Firstly, computers let us talk to our friends and family. Allowing us to communicate to one another without us leaving the safety of our homes. See, just recently a girl in @CAPS1 went over her friends' home to do their homework together. When they were done the girl tried to walk home, and she was never seen again. With computers we can do homework with our friends without leaving our homes. Clearly, without computers life as we know it would be way different. Secondly, computers let us do research about stuff we don't know about. Allowing us to do projects without having to look in old books that maybe not have the info. you're looking for if it was to search @ORGANIZATION1 it would give me a map pointing out it's location and the schools website where I can find out my homework for that night. As you can see the computer allows ud to do things that would take us far more longer to do regularly. Without a doubt, without computers life as we know it would probably be way different @CAPS2, Computers allow us to do homework on it wether it's research or just typing something up, it lets us do more capable things. Most of our daily homework is on the computer. Just @DATE1 we had to type a prompt up on vending machines in our @ORGANIZATION1. So far in @NUM2 grade almost every night our homework is on the @CAPS3 if we were to forget to write down our homework we would have another to get this information. Obviously, without computers life as we know it would be way different. Furthermore, computers are on advancement in technology that this uses constantly. Computers let us look up valuable info. on things around the world. They let us talk to friends and family around the world. They @CAPS3 help us achieve great things in @ORGANIZATION1, wether it be homework or classwork. Without them it would take double to triple the amount of time to do something without them. Finally, I believe that people who are against them just haven't used them in the correct manner."	4	5	9
207	"Computers have alot of impact on peoples life! Computers can be helpful and distracting at the same time. I have a computer, but I can only go on if after I finish my homework. I do alot of things on my computer mostly games and social websites like myspce. Computers can be helpful by helping you with homework or find information. I use my computer for homework alot like for project or if i dont know what the subject is about. I also think the computers are helpful by talking to friends or family. I talk to my family alot and they live all the way in @LOCATION1. I go on myspace like five times a week. Computers can also be a distration by making people lazy and have bad websites. Like myspace can be dangerous. If you tell someone all your important information and you don't know them. That can turn out very bad. Alot of people dont even get off the computer. I have alot of family members that only get up to go on the computer or play video games. They don't get off too. There on like for eight hours. My mom also uses the computer to go on @CAPS1. She talks to alot of her friends that she left in @LOCATION1. She still talks to the people in high school, but she mostly talks to her older sister. She's not on the computer for @NUM1. She's on like for @NUM2 minutes to an hour. I think computers can help in life, but not to be on for like eight hours. You'll see what you will turn if you do that every. My cousins are getting bigger and bigger. I don't mean height. So if you do go on the computer not for almost half the day! "	4	4	8
208	"Dear Local Newspaper, I think that using computers is a good thing and it does not effect on exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. Here are three reasons to support my oppinion people learn more on the internet, children at school can go online to find what was for homework, and how the internet does not effect everyday life. My first reason why I think using computers is good because people learn more on the internet, You know what people say, you learn something new everyday. Well, if you are wondering about something or if you're think about something, the internet can help you find what you're looking for, @ORGANIZATION1 is a great site to find what you're looking for. It also has its own images if you need a picture for your project you need. My second main reason to why using the internet is good because if your a @CAPS1, you can go online to check what you have for each subject. If your a @CAPS1 and you don't want to do homework at recessthe next day from being sick. No, you can go online to your schools website and click on your teachers names to see what you have for homework. This way you can still have time to go out side, play with friends, and interact with family members. My third and final reason to why using the internet is good is that it effects everyday life, in a good way. If you don't have a t.v. and you have no idea what the weather is like, you can go online to see if it's going to be snowy, or rainy. This can tell you if you need a jacket or a rain jack, if you need to use a shovel or hold an umbrella. The internet can be useful in everyday life. In conclusion, I think using the internet is very good and will not effect your exercise, or interacting with family. To support this I stated, people learn more on the internet now, children can access homework if you missed a day, and how the internet effects your everyday life in a good way."	4	4	8
209	"I belive that computers benifit our society for many reasons. Computers have been around for many years now and everywere you go you usualy see one. That must meen people love then. These are so many uses and fun expeirences you can have with a computer. Computers make people happy and that makes for a better society because it is happier. they make people happy because you can play games like tetris, @CAPS1, and even cards. Compuer games make people happy because when ever they are bored and does nothing going on you can hop on the computer and play a game. Some of the awsome games featured on a computer are @CAPS1, cards, pinball and other great game. The computer makes for a happier home because as soon as kids get home from school they use it for games or chat with freinds. Another reason computers benifit society is because you can now pay bills and buy hings from the internet. When you pay bills or buy things over the internet have is no need to go out and waste money on gas so it makes people very happy when hey save money. It also saves on polution because if a car isn't going out there is less so computers are also saving society as well. My last reason that computers benifit society is they can make you smarter and make you do better in school by learning about often people or cultures. For example on my last research project for social studies I used the computer and got an A. this made me happy so in effect it makes society happy. Now you have my reasons why computers benifit the society. They make us happy, made us smarter, and make us a better society for it. I love computers and everybody else should too."	5	4	9
210	"You've got mail! @CAPS1 my computer which is filled with emails from distant relatives and friends. Without computers, I would not be able to keep in touch with these people as efficiently as I can with computers. In the past few decades, technology has been drastically advancing, resulting in the incredible computers, with computers we can type faster, communicate with distant relatives, and find information like ever before. Because of this incredible invention, computers have allowed us to do @LOCATION1 things that are truly astonishing. To begin, we have thrown away typr writers and purchased computers. Now like never before, we can type faster, improve hand eye cordination, and edit our papers without the help of a peer. First of all, with the extreene amounts of typing needed for colleges, most occupations, and everyday list, computers have made this faster and easier process. I am sure most of the things you have to type for @LOCATION1 are written using a computer. Secondly we have gained amazing hand-eye cordination skills. Furthermore, be typing and reading at the same time, we have trained or eyes to do many @LOCATION1 things similar to playing the piano. Lastly, now with spell check, we are able to edit papers without using someone elses help! The computer can sense problems in an instant, which is even more effective without a doubt, the typing documents aspect of computers is @CAPS5 one reason why we need them around. Another reason is because of communication. Thanks to many @LOCATION1 communication applications such as @ORGANIZATION2, @ORGANIZATION3, @CAPS2 and @CAPS3, we can now communicate with a surplus of distant friends and relatives. For example, with both my sisters at college it was hard for me to communicate with them however, due to @CAPS2, I can see their pictures, instant message them, and even video chat! Without computers, being able to see their pictures and what they are up to would have never been possible. Secondly, email has created a fast, easy way to update people on schedule changes, ideas and even sales and specials offered by stores! Snail mail is no more with this extreemly efficient way of communication! Clearly, the communication aspect of computers is an explicit reason why we need them in our lives. Last but not least, computers have allowed us to access information like never before. We can now find facts and figures, faster, easier, and with hundreds more optinions, within seconds, thanks to @ORGANIZATION1 and other search engines, we can find the information we need. Not to mention, the process is exceedingly @CAPS5 type in exactly what you are looking for and you will be brought to exactly what you need! Thirdly, there is many more options and sites to choose from. For example, if you were to type in a certain animal there would be an overdose of pages pertaining to your topic. Now, it is possible to find exactly what you are looking for! There is no question that computers have made searching for information easier and faster, which is exactly why we need them in our everyday lives. Conclusively, computers are an astonishing invention that has opened @LOCATION1 doors for today's society. Without computers we would not be able to type documents as quickly, communicate, and find information in a fashion. However, because of this invention, computers have allowed us to do incredible things. People all across the country are expenencing the efficiency of using computers and now we can to! It is evident, that computers are effective, and are advancing technology in our society."	6	5	11
211	"In modern society, @CAPS3 is rare that you come across someone who doesn't know how to basicly operate a computer. According to the statistics project known on youtube as ""shift happens"", most children in the @LOCATION1, @PERCENT1 in facts, have used a computer by age four. While @CAPS3 can be debated that computers are bad, i firmly disagree. Computers are one of the best technological advances the human race has made. they have helped education, reconnecting, and are even at times good for the environment. I wonder why people disagree, and i hope that after reading this, you will too. At my schoo, there are three computer labs, each with about twenty five computers, a library with twenty computers, and each teacher has two computers in their classroom. Wheni look at these amounts and addit to what i know about computers in other @CAPS1 schools, @CAPS3 is clear to me that computers have helped the education system. Many teachers can have students research projects with the click of a button. There are websites where students who were out from school can get their assignments for the next day. Also, teachers can put their grade books in their had drive. This saves paper and ensures accuracy in the final grade. As a student, i think that computers have greatly improved schools in many ways, but mostly in those above. At one point or another in life, we are all older and want to reconnect with our old friends. Thanks to computers, the process of reconnecting is much easier. There are social networks such as facebook, twitter, and @CAPS2, that are valuable for finding your friend from @DATE1 camp. Let's say you have been connected with someone, and you've just found out that you got a promotion. You want to call, but you don't know the hone number, but you know the email address. Email messages send instantly to anywhere. (And while you're at @CAPS3, ask for a phone number!) @CAPS3's always great to talk with old friends. Computers have helped @LOCATION1 make that easier. My friend recently purchased a sony laptop. She liked not only the features, but that @CAPS3 was an energystar, or eco-friendly. Now a days, computers have been made green in the battle for the environment. Paper is saved with online encylopedias, newspapers, journals, etc. Not only that but computers are needing less and less electricity. You save green and are green! Today's society is helping mother nature not only in our actions, but in computers too. In my opinion, computers are helping @LOCATION1, not hurting @LOCATION1. They have assisted education, social reconnecting and the environment. We must look kindly upon the advancement and miracle invention known as the computer."	5	5	10
212	"Dear local Newspaper, This eara are all about computers. Computers @CAPS1 a benefit to have. It increase the hand-eye coordination, talking skills and easy knolage. My first paragraph @CAPS1 about hand-eye coordination. This @CAPS1 a important skill because it helps with physical movements, using your hands for example. Studys have shown that @NUM1 out of the @NUM2 have improved hand-eye coordination. Also it help kids @CAPS1 that it stimulates the nerves in the hands and brain for kids that have had sergery on there hands. Last years study has shown that @PERCENT1 of kids have improved hand movement faster than regular therpy. Secondly. The importance of computers have been commucation like email or aim. This @CAPS1 great for penpals because it saves time for responses from mail and money because there @CAPS1 no mailing to places and when you email them there will be a fast responce. Also this will help people that are shy around people. A study has shown that @PERCENT2 of shy kids have increased the talkative skills in school. Also most talkative skills will help kids today with there confidence. Finaly, the computer @CAPS1 a helpful knolage tool to use. Most book will be more chalanging to find because there @CAPS1 allways extra information that @CAPS1 not needed and will take longer to find. With a computer all you need to do @CAPS1 to type in what info your looking up. ""@CAPS1 an easy sensation"" said time magazine. That was one great comment from time. In school however there are helpful tips that are making it eager and easyer to find with bookmarks that you can find that are faster because all there @CAPS1 to do @CAPS1 go up to bookmarks and find the websight and click and thats it. In conclusion the ecra of computers are becomingly more popular by the hour. And the benfit of the computer like hand-eye coordination, talkative skills and more and easy knolage."	4	4	8
213	"Dear Local Newspaper, I've heard about your problems with computers, and would like to state my opinion. I think that computers teach you more than they, disable you. For example , say you have a research project and you need to look someone up, you go on the computer and you got him. Also, say you want to go far for vacation; like @LOCATION1. You can go on the internet and find out how they live there. My last reason is that now you can be on the computer and still interact with family and friends. First, I stated the first one because a couple of weeks ago I had a social studies research project. But ig I couldn't use a computer then I would of had to use a book; instead of going on the computer and just looking it up. Another exsample could be like you need pictures to make the project look better . So you can go on google and find a picture to go with you project. But thats not all the internet can help you with. Like say you been planning a trip to @LOCATION1 for your honeymoon but never been there or know anything about it, but your honeymoon is a month away. You can go on the computer and learn about it. Also now they have online classes and you can learn their language before you go. But to wrap it up I have on more exsample. Lastly, chatting sosme people think because you on the computer all day you can't interact with others, but you can. for exsample, like they have a website called @ORGANIZATION1. You can chat with all your friends at once. Also they have video chatting, so you can be looking right at the person while your talking, all that's all I can think of. I hope that my lette and probably many others show you about computers actually do."	4	4	8
214	"Dear @CAPS1 of @LOCATION1, @CAPS2 the world having a network where people can connect, learn and work efficently. This wonderful network is here in our computers. Computers benefit society because they help @CAPS3 connect with far-away places, develop hand-eye coordination and get work done faster. In the days before computers we were isolated in our immediate area. @CAPS2 being stuck in our town unaware of the rest of the world, unable to enjoy the beauty of @LOCATION3 or send help to the starving people in @LOCATION2. @PERCENT1 of money donated to @ORGANIZATION1 an organization that assists in global disasters comes from online. Without the computer how would our willing people help the rest of the world, or even know about the rest of the world? Give our community the ability to reach out to the farthest parts of the globe, give them computers. Computers produce games and activities more intense than you can find anywhere else. Playing baseball simply doesn't require enough focus. The computer's intricate experience helps future engineers or even pilots develop a focus and hand-eye coordination that could save lives. @PERSON1, who trains the @CAPS3 air force weighs in on the effects of computers. ""They have made a great deal of positive impact."" he states. ""@CAPS4 soldiers have excellent eyes for controls and amazing reflexes, making them natural pilots."" @CAPS5't our community have the opportunity to excel as well? The computers we own train @CAPS3 as we use them to have reflexes and hand-eye coordination equal to the best of the military. Computers allow our lives to be just as enjoyable as they are meaningful by getting our work done faster. Before computers @CAPS7 and calculating took @PERCENT2 more time but now they get our work done quickly and without error. @NUM1 year old author @PERSON2 states ""@CAPS4 computer helps me type @CAPS4 writing a lot faster and it is done right more importantly."" @CAPS7 and typing is just more efficent when you are using a computer accountants, students and even the journalists for your own newspaper need the computer to work faster and more efficently. Don't stunt our community's workers, give them what they need computers! Computers are too important and beneficial to lose. Our community benefits from the computers that help @CAPS3 connect with far away places, give @CAPS3 hand-eye coordination and help @CAPS3 work quickly and correctly. So explain in your next article that we need our computers. Computers are necessary in our community and we would be last without them!"	6	6	12
215	"Dear @CITY1 @ORGANIZATION1, I am a @ORGANIZATION2 student and I hear that some people think it is good to use computers and others think that its a waist of time. Well I have @NUM1 good reasons as to why computers are good technology. One reason is you can book places that you want to go or the sights you want to see. This is a good way to use the computer because you can track your route you can even print a map and go hiking. (hows that for excersing). Another reason why computers are good to use is because of online chats. Let's say that you have a family member that lives all the way out in @LOCATION1 and they have a computer and you want to talk to them but it costs you to talk, you can e-mail. This is a good way to use the computer because you can stay updated on what is going on with your family members. Another reason is learning. You can learn about many different cultures. You can learn about different people and how they live their life and ther cultures. My last reason is the @CAPS1. This is a great way to use the computer because you can keep updated on the lafest things like the earthquake in hati; or a hurricane or a @CAPS1 breaking story. Or if their is a storm headey your way. In conclusion, using the computer has great ways to be used and sure people, put some bad sights out their but if you use it the right way it is a good source of technology!"	4	4	8
216	"What compters stop you from doing is your homework in school. But when you do something on the computer your not soposes to do, you get stuck on a website you can't get off your screen. So what I'm trying to say is to don't stay on the computer than just @NUM1 min."	1	1	2
217	"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 you can see, about @PERCENT1 of our population over use the computer. They should be out getting fresh air and spending time with their family and friends. On the other hand, the computer can come with much use. For many people. Family lives quite a distance away, @CAPS1 well @CAPS1 some friends and getting out of touch is a possibility. You can also learn about far away places, like @LOCATION1. The computer is often used for projects essays which is important. You can learn quite a bit with a computer. The computer can be used in many ways. One way is to keep in contact. Sure you can just go to the park and spend time there but not everybody live that close. For people who have relatives or even good friends who live quite a distance, a computer is what you @CAPS2. It is a great way to keep in contact. You can keep everyday updated at all times. For example, my cousin recently went out of the country for college she will be there for a few months so she has her own blog on the computer to keep everybody update and stay in contact. The phone is not always an option. To learn about far away places is great. Online you can learn about the history of specific places. You can see the towns and so much more. You can even see pictures. Maybe one day you will even get to see those specific places in person. How cool would that be? School is a big thing now-a-days. Students have project after project assay after essay and its a lot of work. @CAPS1 you grow older it becomes more work and with a computer, you will have less weight on your shoulders. With essays you can type them, and fix your mistakes without it looking sloppy. Projects are easy to fix to: so messing up isn't a big deal. On the other hand, more americans now than ever before are over weight. The computer has a lot to do with that. Most people will come home and sit on the computer for the rest of the evening. They don't realize what a big effect a computer can make on a person. More people should be out exercising. Spending time with family. Computers can be negative thing or positive. It can be more helpful than you could imagine. But, yet it can make a huge negative effect on people. It can help keep contact with people to learn about far away places, or even school work. Let it be benificial, use it when you @CAPS2 it."	5	4	9
218	"@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 of people use computers @CAPS2 for many different types of things. Computers are very beneficial to society. Even though people @MONTH1 use their computers too much, the tasks they complete help our world run smoothly. Also, computers allow us to keep in touch with friends and family that we don't see anymore, and they teach us valuable information very quickly. Without computers, society would not run as smoothly as it does now. One way that computers benefits our society, is that they complete tasks such as writing a paper, researching information,..etc, much quicker. For example, if you, the @ORGANIZATION1, needed to quickly print an article in the paper on the devastating earthquake in @LOCATION1, computers would greatly benefit you because they would allow you to type the article much quicker than having to handwrite it. Computers are very beneficial to society because they allow us to complete things very quickly and efficiently. Another reason why computers are very beneficial to society is because they allow us to maintain relationships with people from long distance and allow us to always keep in touch with old friends and family. Moving to from about @DATE1, computers have greatly helped and I stay halfway country. In a recent survey by @PERCENT1 of college graduate a computer stay in town friends from stay in but allow you to actually see the are our society is beneficial by computers because they world. reason society is because they alloe people very quickly. Search engines such as @ORGANIZATION3, @ORGANIZATION4, @CAPS3, and more allows us to research anything we want to know at just the click of the button. This ability to know anything very quickly has agreat effect on people, without of this knowledge people becomemore intellectual and intelligent and with that intelligence, they make great things happen. According to @PERSON1, a computer scientist at @ORGANIZATION2, "The knowledge people get from computer search engines allows them to better do @CAPS2 things and achive more in thier lives". Computers benefit society and have great effect on people when they are balanced our with other important things such as exercise and socializing. They teach us new information quickly, perform tasks, quickly and effeciently and allow us to keep in touch with people across the world. If it weren't for computers things would take longer to get done and society would become worse. We need computers to do @CAPS2 things and do tasks needed to live life."	5	5	10
219	"Dear local Newspaper A lot more people uses computers daily but not everyone agrees that it benefits society. Those people who supports advsnces in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on the people and I agree on some circumstances but looking at the situation cleary I dont agree due to the fact that its better not spending to much time on the computers. First because its way better excercising, @CAPS1 enjoying nature and lastly interacting with family. @CAPS2 why I dont agree that people should be in ther computer more their doing things better in life. First, becacuse it's useful to exercise. Talking a walk around the nieghborhood of just going for a hike with people you know. Even better going to the gym its such a better way to spend your evening instead sitting infront of a computer doing nothing but to look at a screen all day and plus exercising makes you stay in perfect fit, healthy and strong for as long as you live. A computer can just kill you not in reality but sitting all day only on the computer eating when you feel like it and no exercise that is whats going to kill you and make you become so lazy to do nothing. I know nobody would want that for sure. @CAPS1, enjoy nature live life the way it needs to. Gods creations of nature is the must beautiful thing in this world dont let it go all to waist. Jump off a waterfall or go to the park let the wind hit your face. Make imaginations become real and just enjoy what natures about. Third and last, interact with your family and friends. Spend time with them and watch movies or any sports channels. Go with them for some ice cream. Dont let them feel left out or unloved. The mall is a great way to spend time with your friends or family also going to water parks like six flag or lake compound of place like nomads or chuckie cheese its a great way places to spend and interact with your family and friends it also can bring closer as well. This is why I think sitting infront of a computer screen all day, first its a waist of time when you go do some exercise or @CAPS1 enjoy nature or lastly interact with your family and friends, @CAPS2 why sitting infront of a computer as a waist of time and negative why to spend your days of living life. Technology holds you back from the real things in life. Thank you for reading my letter and hope you take it in consideration. Good day!"	5	5	10
220	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 people have computers, and @CAPS2 people use them. It's been brought to my attension that the government is worried about people using them to much. Well I think you can't use a computer too much. They offer so @CAPS2 things such as information, communication, and life skills. That doesn't too bad. Informaiton is something we as humans live for. Also in @CAPS2 schools and jobs you need to know a variaty of unusual facts. Where can you learn these? Computers of course! When @PERSON1 (my teacher) gives us a research paper on walt disney, we use computers to find our information. With out the computer, I wouldn't know walt disney died before disney world opened. That clearly shows one of the @CAPS2 things we need computers for. Communication is another aspect of our lives. With a computer you can have @MONEY1 ways to comunicate. Yes some of these way can be dangerous but, @CAPS2 are safe. When I was in @NUM1 grade my teacher ms.casserelle set up a classwide email for us. This allowed us to email another school. This farm of online communication was perfectly safe. As long as the person using these forms of communication is sem-responsible nothing can go wrong. Where can you go wrong with that? Did you know that @PERCENT1 of your life skills can and are learned on computers? As a matter-a-fact your job involves a computer! One life skill you can learn is how to type. As I stated earlier research papers need computers, well it's not just for the information. You have to type them too. Most jobs in our world need the computer for something or other. Can you think of a job that doesn't require one at all? Ididnt think so. Information, communication, and life skills are all important to our human nature. Ithink computers are important to humans. Wether you admit it or not everything we do involves a computer to some degree. Can you spend @CAPS2 countless hours on a computer? Yes, but you need to. you need to."	5	4	9
221	"Dear Newspaper, I strongly believe that the effects on people caused by computers are positive. Computers can help you connect with far away friends or family members, find great naturistic parks, and help you find local @CAPS8 or exercise equipment. These three reasons will show you that computers are a very important asset to our society in the following passage. To start off, computers can help you connect with faraway friends or family members. According to a recent study, @PERCENT1 of @LOCATION1 citizens have talked with a friend or family member living across the country via the internet. Another survey done by The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 magazine showed that the computer is the best way to stay connected with a loved one. @CAPS9 best friend @PERSON3 is @CAPS4, and all of his cousins live in @LOCATION4. @CAPS6 told me, ""@CAPS5 the computer was never invented, they would be like ghosts to me."" @CAPS6 relies on the computer to talk to his loved family. Clearly, the computer plays a huge role in reconnecting faraway friends and family members. @CAPS10 would you feel @CAPS5 you loved nature but could never find any amazing parks? @CAPS9 guess is terrible. Luckily, all you have to do is type in ""amazing nature parks"" in a search engine. In about two seconds you should have fantastic results. Many believe that the computer takes away time to enjoy nature, but I believe that @CAPS11 enhances @CAPS11. @CAPS9 sister loves nature, she loves taking pictures of beautiful scenery. However, she lost interest over time. She said, ""I got tired of taking pictures of the same local things everyday."" I typed in nature parks on a search engine, and @CAPS9 sister is back to traveling all over @LOCATION2. Lean @PERSON2, a nature expert says that @PERCENT2 of people who lose interest is because they don't know any new places to go. Also, nature in a @CAPS7 magazine concluded the best way to find nature, is the internet. As you can see, @CAPS5 @CAPS11 wasn't for the internet, barely any one would have the love and passion as most people do today for nature. Who needs excersize? Everyone. Currently, @LOCATION3 is extremely overweight. We need to enroll more @CAPS8 and create more exercise equipment, but @CAPS10 will people find out? Over the computer. According to @PERSON1, @PERCENT3 or @CAPS8 have a website which can be accessed over the computer. ""The best way to get members,"" @CAPS8 @NUM1 @LOCATION5 magazine stated,"" is to create a website online."" @CAPS9 friends dad recently just joined a brand new gym that opened up three days ago. ""@CAPS10 did you find out about @CAPS11?"" I asked. ""@CAPS11 was simple, I just searched local @CAPS8, and @CAPS11 came up!"" Experts say that the computer restricts time to workout, but in all, truth, the computer is the key to the gym. Connecting old friends and faraway family, finding great nature spots, and finding local @CAPS8 and excersize equipment are three very hard things to do. However, these are three things the computer does very well. @CAPS5 reconnecting with loved ones, loving nature, and exercising are bad effects on society, then what is good?"	5	5	10
222	"I think it is okay for people to use computers because they get to learn new things and meet new people. I don't think it's a bad idea to use computers because some people who have jobs works on computers all day. @NUM1 each sometimes computers can be a distraction but computers can help you alot. I think using computers can help you learn new things and meet new people. Slick, slack, slick, thats the sound of people typing ont he computer and meeting new friends and having a good time. When you learn something new like a rat is as big as a house. You get excited and feel your the smartest person in the world. I dont think its a bad idea to use computers because some peole who have jobs work on computers all day. I think people who uses computers all day while the're at work dont have to be classy, topuler or trendy, they just working to help themselves and theior family. YEah sometimes computers can be a distraction but computers can help you alot. They can help you learn new things meet new friends and give you something to do when your bored. i remember the time when I was bored and I went on the computer to google who @PERSON1 was and I found out she was a famous sinher, someone I didn't know but heard about. Chantrail @CAPS1 a @NUM2 grade student says ""only people who want to learn something or meet new friends will use the computers. If you want to learn something new or meet new people then I suggest you stop eating those chips, get off that couch and use the computer."	4	4	8
223	"Dear @CAPS1 of Newspaper, @CAPS2 has been brought up to concern that computers are a mence to society. On the Computers are very helpfull. If one needed directions to a place or if one wanted to know how to do something @CAPS2 would show how to. They also can help you do things like read faster and hand eye corridnation. Computers are also a good form of entertianment. Those are some of the reasons computers are helpfull. First, computers can help find out how to do things. If there is evey somewhere far to go or there are many winding roads to get there you can use the computer. On the computer there are many maps that give detialed discriptions on how to get places. Specialist say that over @PERCENT1 veiwers get to their destianation. The due to lack of driving skills. Computers also help with instructions on how to make things. If there is a cake to be made the computer will have recipies to make @CAPS2. That also can help make projects. For example They show things about @CAPS3 mythology for making a @CAPS3 pat. The computer can help you, learn langues. There is software that can teach people languages just like books execpt that they have animated teachers to help speak the languege that one got directions to go to. Reading all the didn't langues can help you with normal reading. Another reason that computers are helpful is they can help people with reading. Did you know that @NUM1 out of @NUM2 americans have trouble reading. That wouldn't happen if they had computers. Almost everything on the computer has to be read so @CAPS2 gives a lot of practices. @CAPS2 also will improve hand eye corodination. When someone something they watch the screen not their hand. Also on microcoft word to type an essay you watch the screen not your fingers typing. There are many games on the computer for improving hand eye corrdination. The last reason that computers affect people is that they are enteritaining. One the internet there are many fun games for all ages. Some games they could watch videos one youtube there are many funny videos there. As you can see computers are helpfull in many ways. They will give directionn to places or help people with reading, Computers are entertianing and fun."	5	4	9
224	"Dear Newspaper Readers, @CAPS1 many hours a day do you spend on the computer? In this modern world, @CAPS2 @MONTH1 seem hard for you to tear away from that trusty computer screen and face life. Nearly everyone in @LOCATION1 has a computer, about @PERCENT1, and @CAPS2 is ruining our country. With all these hours wasted in the virtual world, people are lacking in exercise, leading to many problems. They are also avoiding nature outside, and losing contact with family and friends. I think that computers are causing way too many problems and peerhaps, with some consideration @ORGANIZATION1 my evidence, you could come to think the same. Statistically, the @ORGANIZATION1 is the most overweight country. One @ORGANIZATION1 the reasons? Hours @ORGANIZATION1 sitting at the computer replaces healthy exercise @CAPS3 are all spending our lives on the computer, and sitting and clicking is not exercise. The great lack @ORGANIZATION1 exercise is causing health problems. Not exercising can lead to abesity, which damages joints terribly. Then, diabetes developes, taking away from the quality @ORGANIZATION1 your life. Finally, there is heart disease, a top killer in our country. All this from spending time on the computer? you @MONTH1 ask @CAPS4 the amount @ORGANIZATION1 time @CAPS3 spend on computers is much more damaging than this. Every day is beautiful in its own way, and sometimes @CAPS2 is beautiful to us, in saying that beautiful to us (when @CAPS2 comes to the outdoors) is clear skys and a warm-temperature. These days come quite often, but what does @ORGANIZATION1 do? Glance out the window and go back to texting on that @ORGANIZATION2 laptop. Our bodies need this @CAPS5, @CAPS5 @CAPS6. @CAPS3 get @CAPS2 from the sun, and without going outside, @CAPS3 don't get @CAPS2. not traveling outdoors deprives our body @ORGANIZATION1 an important @CAPS5. @CAPS2 affects more than just our health, as well @CAPS7 inside on the computer keeps us from having expenence real experience. @CAPS3 learn things on the computer, but only virtually. What happens when @CAPS3 are forced out into the real world and cant really do anything? Everyone loves having friends and family, so @CAPS2 doesn't make sense why @CAPS3 would rather email them with trivial things instead @ORGANIZATION1 talking. Instant messaging doesn't really bond people, as conversations are planned out you have time to think, so the person doesn't know what the real you would say. This frays the bonds between people, and once @CAPS3 can't work together, even with family, @ORGANIZATION1 can't work together at all, and nobody wants that. Computers take away too much to be spending so much time on. Blatantly, they are bad for people. Not only do they effectively cause abesity, they fool us into thinking @CAPS3 can do things that really, @CAPS3 can only do virtually, and make close people come apart. @CAPS2's ruining @LOCATION1. A country cannot be by the sick, useless, and isolated. @CAPS2's time to step away from the computer and into real life before @LOCATION1 gets demolished by these effects computers cause."	5	5	10
225	"To middlebury paper, @CAPS1 the article on wether or not computers benefit society, my opinion is that they have lots @MONEY1 pros to make them a worthwhile thing to have in our towns schools, homes and businesses. They can help more than they hurt, and can you honestly see your life without checking e-mails and keeping up to date with our society? Computers in schools help to increase the amount @MONEY1 learning our children. @CAPS1 example, @PERSON1 can study their math facts online @CAPS1 math or learn about the skeletal system @CAPS1 health classes. It also is an advantage is conserving money because instead @MONEY1 having to pay @CAPS1 your son or daughter to fly to @LOCATION1 to learn about the collisreum, you can let them learn about it on the internet first, to see if the trip is actually worthwhile. Also an essential thing needed to life is hand eye coordination, and a way to practice that is playing exercise practice games on a computer. Thats help install the coordination your towns children will use @CAPS1 the rest @MONEY1 their ! Educational benefits will only increase as technology, so cutting children from it now is a big mistake! With computers, communication is a . Students can get homework through their e-mail. Saving time so they have more time coming up. The cost effectiveness computers because instead @MONEY1 paying @CAPS1 phone bills and tutors @CAPS1 your children and cellphone bills, you can just talk through e-mail and potentially save @MONEY1! Keeping in touch with families is simplified also because in just one e-mail you can catch with all your family members! Speeding up communication with computers clearly has benefits no one wants to miss out on. So why would you make that mistake. @CAPS1 addressing you can't place the blame on computers @CAPS1 why people don't exercise people as much. People choose how community they exercise, on the computers. Computers don't control wether you family or not. If anything they help together! Spending time in nature is that particular persons. Choice no one elses. All these cons can't be blamed on computers, because its the people that decide how much they're used, not the computer. All in all, I think keeping our use @MONEY1 computers where it is now is the best idea, because without it communication and education will decrease and with that, who says exercising will increase?! Overall the choice is the computers user, not the computer, so when used in discretion, computos contribute greatly to society."	5	5	10
226	"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2 you know that over @PERCENT1 of @CAPS3 own computers? Computers are one of technology's greatest and are sweeping the nation, as well as the world. As you can probrably tell, I believe that computers have positive effects on people. Computers teach hand-eye coordination and create the ability to learn and research quickly and efficiently. And don't forget get that they offer ways to chat online. Have you ever played a game of baseball where you just can't seem to just hit the ball? Well, sounds like you need to work on your hand eye coordinator. Studies have shown that @PERCENT2 of people that use computers have an increased hand eye when doing activities like sports or games. So if you use a computer, you'll be hitting homeruns, not striking out. After you've won your baseball game, it's time for homework, and guess what? Your teacher assigned a project that's due tomorrow! Don't panic, get online! Computers help you learn and research, which is faster than going to the library and getting a book. Say you need the date olympic gold medalist @PERSON1 was born, google it! Finally, once you have your information all you have to @CAPS2 is your source. Ok, now your homework is done and you want to talk to your friend about your plans on @DATE1. Computers offer numerous ways to chat online. There's @CAPS4, @CAPS5, @CAPS6, woVoo, @CAPS7, and many more. So you sign into @CAPS7, and talk with your best friend. Now your not bored anymore. Computers are a great way to decrease boredom, just by talking with friends online, but you better go to bad soon because you have @ORGANIZATION1's in the morning! As you can see, computers are incorporated into our daily lives. They're everywhere! I believe that they're changing society, mostly for the better. They teach hand eye coordination, help you research and learn, and let you chat with friends. Additionally, if you don't already have a computer, then get one!"	4	5	9
227	"Dear, Newspaper I believe that the use of computer is so horrorable thing for the people of the world. I think this because they don't exercise enjoy the great outdoors and have good time with family and friends. When you are on the computer you are not exercising you body. This is a problem because @CAPS2 this ""no exercising"" thing does stop the life span could be greatly shorten. @CAPS1 @CAPS2 this doesn't stop more and more children will grow larger and not healthy. So the children care more about the internet the being healthy. @CAPS3 expert @PERSON1 said ""@PERCENT1 of children in school today are over @NUM1 pounds in grades @NUM2, when it should be only a average of @NUM3 pounds or less in grades @NUM2."" @CAPS1 @CAPS2 the computer craze does not stop kids will continue not to go out side and get to have some fun. Smart parensts are wanting their children to have fun in the back yard. @CAPS2 children are inside and not out side they with not get vitimans from the sun. The experts at @ORGANIZATION1 said ""@CAPS2 the children do not stop going on computers then they with never see the true beauty of the outdoors."" @CAPS3 you can see nature is some thing children need. Interacting with friends and family is important for everyone. Because @CAPS2 one family member is having a health problem and has to go to the hospital no one is there to be with them because they never talk to each other. One year I found out the my great grandmother died of cancer. I had no idea that she had cancer. And I wish I was at the hospital with her. But wasn't because me and her never talked. Don't let that kind of thing happen to you talk and have fun with you friends and family. So @CAPS3 you can see that the use of computers is horrorable because you life can end sooner, your children get fat, and you drift apart from you friends and family. So don't let this happen to anyone else. Tell everyone."	4	4	8
228	"@ORGANIZATION1, The computer to me is very beneficial. I say that because if wasn't @CAPS4 the computers we wouldn't have as much knowledge about other contries like we do now. Also because it's another source of communication. Another reason is, the computer helps kids get their work done faster. Hopefully after reading this you will think the same I do about computers. First the computer helps people know about what happen with people in other islands. @CAPS4 example you heard about the @CAPS1 that happen in @LOCATION1 by t.v. But what if you wanted to get more information about it. All you had to do is type it in and it gives you a lot of information. Also it shows how the in the other places are and how people have in deal with all of that. Another example is communication. The computer has allowed people to have a conversation without a phone or being in person. That helps people a lot because not everyone likes to be on the phone all day (me) so that their of communication. Also you can go on website @CAPS2, @CAPS3 or other places to talk to your friends. Some people prefer to have penpals. A penpal is a way you can communicate with someone you never and from another contry, more you have @NUM1 reasons on how you can communicate from your computers. My theird reason why computers are beneficial is the get done with their ways @CAPS4 example lets just say you had to find so definitions, instead of looking the word in the dictionary you can just type in the definition. Also if you have to do in history you can go on the computer and find on him/her. So I hope you take this in consideration that computer are great @CAPS4 society."	4	4	8
229	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I have some opinions on technology is going these days and about how many people shun the idea of further advancement for the understandable reasons that it brings people away from family and that it draws people's attention away from the rest of the world I do see their point but I'd like to make a point myself. While statistics show a @PERCENT1 decline in recreational activities people also find more things to do and now that the world is more concerneD for the environment you will probably see people coming outside again because they heard about some new environmental actavist group to join or they watch a movie that makes fun of live action role playing and decide to give it a whirl. My point being that you never know what your going to discover in the media and its better than sitting outside all day with no insperation, waiting for your parents to get home and give you information from outside you tiny world. The other item I will mention is the music industry and how it is revolutionized with more advanced, and different ways of listening to it in fact the only problem in music today are the artist and how they take advantage of recording studies and on occasion another just to gain fame! Without doing anything but sit back and lip sync. But the technology of the day give us the ability to listen to music the golden age of music now. So why not advance and invest in the music industry, it will provide entertainment and fun for years to come. Advanceing technology is the music industry actually is probably good for the economey as well I mean if we didn'@CAPS4 have new @CAPS3 to bell to people every year that would be a huge decline in stock market prices not that were not in a crash right now but it wouldn'@CAPS4 be any better. That goes for cell phones too and any other piece of hardware that gets frequently upgraded it's just good for buisness. You see I belive that the point of life is joy so whats better than settling down with mabey a date some candlelight and a romance or thriller on the @CAPS4.V most people will enjoy just sitting down and watching the telly it's easy to relate to. The television has evolved in many good ways it's a way to lay down and unwind learn about so many different things mabey watch a show on @LOCATION1 it makes you feel like being there without actually being there. I helps us get updated on current events shows things that we want to do and shows us how to do it. I for example have learned so much from."	5	4	9
230	"Dear Local Newspaper, I agree with the concerned experts, im sure many others agree also. I bet you that if you keep reading it would be understandable, why I agree. First of all, too many people spend to much time talking with friends online. I think that once you start talking with them online, finish up the conversation face to face or by telephone. Talking online is a great way to connect with friends and people you haven't seen in a long time, but too much of that can start problems. For example rumors. In my opinion when friends get to excited online they decide to start rumors about other people and it ends up being sent to almost everybody. Another example is online arguing which can lead up to many problems like fighting when you get back to school. How would you feel if you turned on your computer and find out that someone has been talking about you or that someone is trying to start a fight with you? I'm positive that you would not enjoy it and your feeling might be hurt. Next reason is, being on the computer too much can effect most peoples grades. Many people are going home and turning on their computer instead of doing their homework or studying. There are many people who go to my school and their grades have declined because of online usage. Pretty soon many people will be held back because they have failed the school year. For example, picture yourself as a parent and getting your child's report card and find out they have all @CAPS1's or mostly @CAPS2's. You wouldn't like that either. Lastly, computers have cause another problem called bullying. Too many children are being bullied online and they are being hurt. Those children who are being the bullies are enjoying it while the children who are getting bullied are sad. Thinking that nobody cares about them. Bullying has caused death or many other problems. Imagine, being someone, getting bullied and your feelings are really hurt, you dont talk to an adult or a parent all you end up doing is killing yourself. Picture how many parents are upset and how yours would be too to find that their child has been bullied to death, it really hurts them. And i'm sure if you were one of those parents you wont be too happy. In conclusion, being online too much has an effect on everybody and"	4	4	8
231	"Computers have a positive effect on peoples lives. They are big helpers. They teach you skills you need in life. The technology abilities help us with tasks every day. Finally they help people to keep in touch and meet knew people. I think that computers have a very positive effect on our lives. Computers teach us many things. First of all just learning how to use the computer is a skill you need in life. At most jobs you have to know how to work a computer. Today computers are essential part of most work enviornment. Hand-eye coordination is another skill the computer teaches you. Computers actually help you with sports in a way. To catch a ball you need hand-eye coordination. The technology the computer gives us helps us alot in life. If you need directions you can look it up on the computer. If you couldn't you would have to call the resturant for directions. Without the computers help we would all have to write all of our papers out. For students it would be a nightmare to have to do reports without a computer. We would have to read so many books to get the information. The world would be a much different place without computers. Sometimes people who we love have to move far away from us. It's hard to keep in touch on the phone when that happens. The computer through keep you in touch. With programs like facebook, twitter, and @ORGANIZATION1, its possible. You can chat with them pictures of how there doing. You could even keep in touch with them from @LOCATION1. Computers almost anything possible. In conclusion computers are great machines. They teach us life long lessons. They help us when we need something or have to do a report. Computers even keep people in touch so their relationships don't fall apart. I don't know about you, but I think computers keep the world up and running."	4	4	8
232	"Dear editor, @CAPS1 name is @PERSON1, and I believe that computers are a benefit to the world, and people as well. I say this because lots of people can talk to family of friends long distance. Also the computer can teach you lots of thing. Finally it makes you more social. In @CAPS1 strong opinion computers are better for the world. Firstly, many people can talk long distance with family of friends. You have web cam and that allows you to chat and see the person. Also @CAPS2 is another site where you can talk to friends and then you can have a lot and put pictures of yourself and even videos, even though you can talk on the phone and do all this but on the phone it costs money for a plan. When you use a computer it is completely free. Secondly, the computer teaches you things that help you later on in life, and it let's you know things as well. The computer people made programs that can computers and more really cool. The programs teach you how to type, it is called type to learn or type for fun. Also they have programs that let you know how to read. It is great for kids because they need to know these things any ways. Finally, the computer makes you more social. This is because you have @CAPS2 and it let's you know things that happen in school or out of school. You can talk to people on @CAPS2 or email each other and have a conversation with them. You can also meet new people from other places and have a good relationship with them. You have friends with and know who they are and won't need to figure it out. So, this is why I believe that having a computer is a good idea, and good to have. You can talk to people long distance. The computer teaches you things for life. Finally it makes you more social with people. So in @CAPS1 strong opinion it is a good idea to have a computer."	4	4	8
233	"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1, my name is @PERSON1. I've just been informed about how people view computers and the effects of them. In my opinion, I find computers to be a very negative influence on yound kids, teens, and adults. Many harmful awarenesses come along with having one. For one thing, people being so hypnotized in this electronical device are finding lesser time to excercise and take care of themselves. Also to, the only nature they're experiencing is pictures online and not enjoying the full beuty of what we have left of out earth. Another negative outcome is that they start becoming more and more distant from their loved ones. What happened to our society? Why can't we think on our own anymore? I truely, strongly hope that what i'm saying will change the minds of some people. Thank you very much. Exercise is a very key aspect in anyone's life. Especially growing kids and teens. On the computer what exercise benefits are you getting? Stronger fingers? A higher chance of syndrome @CAPS10. ""@CAPS2 @PERCENT1 of kids having @CAPS7 problems like obesity have access to the internet"", accoding to @PERSON2 of the, ""@CAPS3 feel right with @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6"" in hunington beach, @LOCATION1. When basically, your giveing youself to the computers, you @MONTH1 not have any thoughts at all of staying fir. Instead on some chips while typing. @CAPS4 @CAPS7 BENEFITS @CAPS8 that game help? With global warming by ourside, what you saw yesterday @MONTH1 not be there today. Breathing in some fresh, natural air can really calm a stressed child out. What ever happened to playing an endless scoth with side walk chalk and fresh? or tag or just running around? Is it not cool anymore? Yah, not cool to take care of yourself. Inspire yourself by writing poems about how you feel or draw a screnary. Now a days, instead of @CAPS10 climing a tree, were climbing our mouse arrow to the next website. There's so much that we all take for granted, that one day when you look back on ti all, youre going to really miss those @DATE1 days. Family time is so critical in anyone's life. Without a family, you're nothing. When did game night or family time disapear? Just because we're in a society that says computers are completely normal everyday thing in a house, doesn't mean you family and friends aren't a main priority to you anymore. If you want to hangout a friend's house, dont email about it, walk @CAPS2 there and get the full affect since when does a computer a family? Never. If we got out of a fake reality, @CAPS10 there wouldn't be negativity in our life. @CAPS10 you can regain a true life back with them. @CAPS10 you'd think more clearer just @CAPS10. Whats makes a computer any better than life? Nothing ask yourself that. So inconclusive, I strongly believe that with this in you lives we've actually get dumber. There's more negative than positives in having a computer. Sure you could quickly send them a message or like @CAPS9, but is it ever bad to do the good old fashion calling? Or sendin letter? I say again, thank you for taking out your time to read this. @CAPS10 i changed you, @CAPS10 not. Whatever you do, think about the next time you're online and see what happends. "	5	5	10
234	"More and more people are using computers on a daily basis, but I do not agree that this benefits our society. People are spending too much time on computers and less time exercising and healthy. Also people using computers are spending less time with family and friends. As people use computers more they are spending less time excersising and staying healthy. Profesor @PERSON1 has done a study showing that people who are on the computer for more than @NUM1 hrs a day are overweight and do not excersise regularly. He goes on the state that if these habits continue throughout their lives they will become obeast and are more likely to die from a heart attack before age @NUM2. I have experienced changes in my communities health due to computers as well, last year I had a friend who weighed @NUM3 lbs and exercised regularly but when he got a computer that folowing year he stopped exercising and gamed over @NUM4 lbs he now is much slower and can not do more than push ups. I do not agree that computers are benefiting our society because as people use computers more they exercise less causing them to be unhealthy. Not only do computers less on unhealthy life style, it also causes spend less time with family and friends. Studies show that @PERCENT1 of children that their our computer spend less time with their family and more time on the computer. This @MONTH1 not seem like a thing at but this study also shows that @PERCENT2 children who spend less time with their familieis grow up to become lonely and kill themselves due to depresion. I remember when a new came to our school from he wasn't that kid and didn't many friends he was still doing just fun but when he came back the next year started and I found out he had at the end of he school and keep in touch with an of his friend and to his parents. So far that week of from the rest of the students and don't much. Then the we got back the @DATE1 he wasn't at school and for the rest of the week he didn't show up either and finaly on @DATE2 and teachers told us he ran away from and has still not been found. So people that use computers are spending less time with their family and friends which can cause them to become depressed and lonely. More and more people are using computers daily basis, but I do not agree that this is benefiting our society. People are spending to much in their computers and are spending less time excersising and staying healthy. Also people using computers are spending less time with their family and friends. I know that the more people using computers is not better for our society it is worse."	5	4	9
235	"Dear local newspaper, More and more people are using computers there days. Some people think computers are an improvements to society. Others are concerned that people spent too much time on computers and not enough time exercising and spending time with friends and family. I believe that computers can be a bad thing. I think this because some people spend to much time on them,, it's one of the leading causes of obesity, and it interfers with people social lifes. According to recent studys, about @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people spend most of their time on their computers. Many ot these people spend their time on online games and socializing websites such as facebook and myspace. Others spend it shopping or learning. Some of the online games include world of warcraft, rune scope, and many @CAPS1's @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 games. Many people who spend most of their time on the computer are or @MONTH1 became obese. According to @PERSON1, spending alot of time on computer is one of the main reasons for obesity. Many experts agree that computers are the learning cause of obesity. between @DATE1 and @DATE2 more people have been using their computers more often. The obesity rate has increased between then too. Most of the people who spend alot of time on the computer don't interact with their friend and family much. This can lead to ruined relationships, loss of friends and the chance of losing your love with family. Many experts, such as @PERSON2, say that a person can become depressed from not interacting with friends and family. He also says some of the people who became depressed start thinking of suicide. Spending too much time on the computer is a bad thing would you want to spend too much time on the computer even ater hearing the cons of it? I believe spending too much time on the computer is bad for everyone."	4	4	8
236	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 you know, more and more people are starting to use computers. In my opinion, I think the computer does benefit society in many ways. One positive effect it has on people is that they can communicate. Through the computer, people are able to send messages to each other. If someone doesn't have a phone or car, they can simply go online, write a message, and click the send button. This is an easy way to communicate with someone who lives half way around the world @CAPS2 well. If you have family members who live far away, you can also send them pictures of yourself, friends/family, and places you've been to. They can receive them and also send pictures back. Another positive effect computers have on people is that they can learn new things. The internet allows you search different topics and basically has everything and anything you could ever think of. If you go on @ORGANIZATION1 and type in a word like 'dog,' you'll see a bunch of websites that will take you to other websites that are just about dogs. You can find a list naming types of dogs, how old a dog can live up to, where most dogs are found, how to care for them well, etc. The internet lets you explore new things and help find ideas. You name it; they got it. The computer also cames in handy when you have nothing to do. If you're bored and can't play outside because the weather is bad or you broke your leg, you can play computer games, listen to music online, or write your own story on a word document. Playing computer games can teach you techniques to help play a game better, @CAPS2 well @CAPS2 keep you busy. If you want to listen to music to keep yourself entertained, you can go on @CAPS3 or other sites and find any song you want to hear. It's better than listening to the radio because sometimes you don't like the song that's giving. If you're also in the mood to write a story, you can open a word document or if you just want to type whats on your mind. @CAPS2 you can see, I think the computer is a facinating tool to use. You can communicate, learn new things, and keep yourself entertained if you're not able to do something active. Just remember, whenever you can, go out and play or hang out with friends and family."	5	5	10
237	"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 about what the world would be like without computers. Scary thought? I had the same reaction. A world without computers is a world of non-communicating people and no where to gather information independently. The benefits of having computers are that they are a way of communicating with friends and family that don't live in your area or that you just haven't talked to in a while. They also teach hand-eye coordination which is good for almost anything. Lastly, they give people the ability to learn about other things in the world. In conclusion, computers have outstanding effects on people. First of all, in my perspective, having a computer, allows me to communicate to people I've met on past vacations. I can email, them and talk to them on social networks such as facebook. This is benefical to anyone that has lost touch with friends or even family. Being able to talk to friends I haven't spoken to in a white, gives me and others the opportunity to catch up and reconnect. In conclusion, being able to communicate with others on a computer, is only I, of the many benefits a computer has! Second of all, not only does having a computer allow you to talk to others but it can teach you hand-eye coordination as well. Dereck was a channel @NUM1 news reporter, ""I can hit some far balls that take the cake for some of our games. I truely @CAPS1 it's because my mother teached me now to use a computer! ""@CAPS2 especially benefit from computers because they teach them hand-eye coordination which is great for those homeruns, or even touchdowns! Third of all computers allow students and many others to learn and look up things they don't know. @PERCENT1 of schools around the country benefit from having school computers for research. On the other hand, businessman, parents, and even teachers use the internet to learn about things around the world and to gather information to teach their classes. Overall, computers have many benefits such as they allow you to communicate with others, they teach you hand-eye coordination, and even allow you to learn about things and places around the world. As a whole, this intelligent invention of the computer is an incredible machine that seems to have all the answers and a success for realiable information!"	4	4	8
238	"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, I've heard reports from both the news on @CAPS2.V. and your paper that more and more people are turned in to nothing but their computers. I'm not saying it's a bad thing I mean the computer has the internet which allows you to go to anything like websites and online chatting. I just think that people should get outside more often and do some outdoor things like football, basketball, baseball or if you're an adult you could get a job that doesn'@CAPS2 require a computer like for example building houses for homless people, shelters for animals, or have a job as a maitnence man, pool lifeguard, or any other job at a hotel that doesn'@CAPS2 involve a computer. You could work at a restaurant that has regular food or fast food service. Something that does'ent involve a computer. But if you can'@CAPS2 get out of the house you could do something a little different from computers video games. They maybe similar to the computer but they are something you can do on the @CAPS2.v. and it beats playing on the computer all the time."	4	4	8
239	"Dear Local @CAPS1: I'm sitting at the couch thinking about what I should do for vacation. I know I definitely want to take a trip somewhere to do same creative writing, but my notebooks are all scattered, I don't know how to quickly contact someone who could help and I have no idea about the country that I plan to visit. I take a last look at my notebooks strewn about the closet looking very much like a tornado swept through and I find solution on the highest shelf my laptop. First, I highly agree with the people who think computers are useful. Three effects they have on people who use them usely are fantastic. Compare a person with a laptop to one without. The person with a laptop @MONTH1 be a busy business person and have to converse with many people from long distances a part, so they use e'mail and @ORGANIZATION1. They travel places with people at their fingertips. However a person without a laptop could be busy moving from place to place just to meet these people. Their schedule could be chaotic. Conversations over a chat system are fast and effective. Take my story for example. My mom hates wasting, so instead of me driving to a friend we @CAPS2. Saves money and time! In addition, I happen to be a writer who write often everyday in many notebooks. I've written so much over the years that my notebooks are piling all over my room. What organizational tool could help me in this situation? Why a laptop of course! One laptop or computer store a bunch of and editing a breeze. Anyone who with data and writing would be crazy not to have a computer! What you a room notebooks that you buy of, or a single, computer with tons of space and back up? You tell me. Computers encourage users to be more organized! Respectively, computers are resource for a millions of pages information. They're similar to libraries. But think about a library and then imagine a computer. One you have to walk around to seek your information and with the other, knowledge is merely a click away. Some @MONTH1 argue that computer websites are not entirely reliable I beg to differ. There are specific websites on computers with suffixes like '.org' and'.gov' and even'.edu'. These websites contain proven factual information and more great resources for research. By using computers I have acquired greater knowledge and have found computers beneficial. They have effectively made me more intellgent as a person. In conclusion, it's my strong opinion that those who use computers gain nothing but the positive effects, and these include money/gas-saving conversations through @CAPS2 and email organization and increased intelligence from reading. I've decide to take my creative writing on my laptop and in doing so learned the storm."	6	5	11
240	"Dear (Newspaper), This is a very controversial topic. I am discussing. But on this one, I must say I agree with the experts when they say computers have a negative effect on people. It ruins their social lives, and other bad things. If you spend all your time on the computer, you get no exercise, no fresh air, and you will not get to experience the rest of the world. Not recieving your daily exercise is a big problem. Obesity has already been an issue for millions people in the @LOCATION1 And it is mostly because they eat unhealthy snacks while sitting at the computer the whole day! you want to live a long and healthy life, don't spend all your time having your eyes give to a screen. In adition everyone needs fresh air, right? Going on the computer inside a room is not going to help at all. You need your daily intake of oxygen. Lastly, if you are on long enough, enough, it will become an obsession. Computers already have a bad effect on people all around, and just think about what has just been mentioned. Another problem computers have is that they keep you away from your family and friends. As mentioned before, the social life you had will be gone. With that in mind, people will always see you on the computer, and eventually get sick of you. Computers bring no adventures, just pictures of them. Going out into the real world might be hard, but it is something that should be done. a real life cannot be lived in a dark room with no people or no nature. Haven't you always wanted to travel around the world, see different types of cultures, lifesyles, etc? It gets to the point where computer use should be limite, and living your life should be in place of your free time. Using a computer all day will not let you meet new people, and see new places. You will sbe getting nowhere with a computer screen in your face, so put it away! In conclusion, using computers all the time restrict you from exercising, getting fresh air. Meeting new people, and seeing different places all over. At the end up the day, life is short, so you can't aford to waste it. computers have a negative effect on everbody, and hopefully someday these problems will be changed!"	4	4	8
241	"I think that computer are a good benefit for people because those who support advances in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people. For example, they teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places, people and even allow people to talk with other people. My first reason, is that important people around the world used computers to have a better future on life. The people that use computers have important jobs. For example, a judge, an enginere, a lawyer, an archytecht, a scientist, an archeologist etc... This is why I think that computer are helpfull for people. My second reason, is that computer could be helpful with kids because computers could help kids get better grades at school. It could help develop a smarter brain in many ways. The first way that it could help develop a smarter brain is reading a lot on the compute. It helps by knowing the meaning of new words. I helps you speak correctly and clear. That is why I think that computers help develop a smarter brain. My third reason is that it help adult connect to different places at the world. That could be a hobby for adults that does not have something to do could have a good time. My conclusion is that with computer you could have a better life. Computers could help you get a better future."	4	4	8
242	"Dear Local Newspaper, I think that computers are both a good and a bad thing. Computers allow use to play games, and learn about almost anything. But computers cannot simulate fresh air and exercise. Computers allow people to play a wide variety of games. People can play chess, solatire, and a great deal other games like that. Computers also allow us to play a very wide variaty of online games. I can think of at least three different sites that have online games. Each site having at least @NUM1 different games! Hundreds of thousands of people play online games everyday! What would they do if we didn't have the computer to play those games? We can also search any topic from a computer anywhere. This is a amazing thing to be able to do. Imagine if nobody had a computer how would we research so much of our knowledge? Yes there are but using a computer is so much more faster. Plus you can print thing out on a computer with a book you have to copy important down. But you can highlight the important. How much could ? No matter how much computer do they @MONTH1 be but it is kids getting bigger and bigger all because they long. Computers are amazing and society benefits from them by a lot. But just like everything computers have their downside. So please inform adults and kids about the goodness of computers, but also warn them about the bad things that could happen if you spend to much time on the computer and outside."	4	5	9
243	"Dear @ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS1 @CAPS2 of @CAPS3 is all about Computers. They can do anything. But think are they really helping us? Yes, they do research and all of that but physically they're not. You spend less time exercising, interacting with family and friend, and the impact that computers can do to @CAPS1 lives in the future. Exercise is necessary in @CAPS1 lives. ""People need to get out there and do something other than be in front of the computer screen"". says @PERSON1 of @ORGANIZATION1. fact is one hour of exercise is good for your health. However, two in three @CAPS4 wont do so. Thats why @CAPS1 @CAPS2 on is the way we are @CAPS3 I lazy, unactive worthless and overweight. As a result, computers are the blame. Are there some relatives you been face to face with @CAPS5 its because of computers. Computers @CAPS3 let us things like video chat with relatives for or go on facebook and myspace or @CAPS5 @CAPS6 to chat with them or email. The problem with this is being lazy. You could be out there getting to were your relatives live to see them. but why waste enemy going to travel agency when in the internet instead say travel agent @PERSON2. @NUM1 in @NUM2 people havent seen there relatives for other states in years. People need to go computers @CAPS7 games, @CAPS8 hows all on the computer at the You dont even have to take This is bad, People need do @CAPS11 the old fashoned way. @NUM3 out of @NUM1 @CAPS4 use the computer daily. People lose jobs over computers. Everything is made so simple, theres no need to hire secretary, as employ and more office personals. Factories, They dont need many people. Computerized @CAPS10 can take over jobs quicker, easier, and cheaper. They will one day take over. Thats not good. In conclusion, Computers @MONTH1 seemed like the best thing that hit earth, but if you really, really think about @CAPS11, @CAPS11's not. @CAPS11 prevents you from exercising, seeing friends and family, and cam impact @CAPS1 lives in a bad way. I hope you see where I'm coming from."	5	4	9
244	"Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1 are worried that people are on the computer way to much and don't spend enough time outside enjoying nature or exercising. I wrote this letter to tell you that there are some good things about going on the computer. First, kids and even adults can talk to there friends online. Your popley thinking that the kids already some there friend at school but what @CAPS2 their moved. They could have moved to a different city, State or even cuntry and the only @MONTH1 to connect with them is by They can't call each other @CAPS2 they really far away that would be a pretty phone bill. Seventy five percent of people talk to thier friends through computer. About half of the people are talking to friends who live in another state. or country. Do you really want people to lose their friends? Next, people can actually make new friends in the computer, like pen pals. Pen pals are people you write to but they don't live in the state as you or sometimes not even the same country. assignment at school but you can do it on your @CAPS2 your pen pal doesn't live in the same country as you and doesn't speak fluend @CAPS3 you can teach them @CAPS3 and they can teach you these language. Finally, there's away for kids to go on the You could a limit on thier computer time Some wants to paly a game on the ""@CAPS5 you can play on the computer away from her the next day. @CAPS2 wants to go on the computer that day and throws a ten turn the parent should take the computer away for the next and so on and so on. Once your child finally cooperates they will get the to use the computer. As you can see there are meny things to do on the computer from talking to far away friends to making new friends a computer schedule. Thank you for taking you time to read this letter."	4	4	8
245	"Dear Local Newspaper, Computers are harmfully effecting the children, and they are going to effect @CAPS1 generations even more. Computers are fine in moderation, as are most things. If they are needed for a school project that fine but using the computer everyday rather than exercising is not okay. Supporters of technology say that computers have a positive effect. I have to disagree. They say they practice hand eye coordination, they can teach you about far away places and you can talk with people online. Sports are a great way to exercise and practice hand eye coordination. Tennis, baseball, basketball, hockey, etc are all great sports that practice hand eye coordination. They are much healthier that I.Ming your friends all day. You sit on your butt all day and scream to your mom to get you a drink of water, or some dinner. ""@CAPS1 generations are becoming way to dependant."" says @PERSON1, my @NUM1 grade @CAPS2 teacher. How are you suppose to be able to support a family when your older if you cant get up from the computer. ""@CAPS3 a family is hard work,"" my mom tells me, ""your family needs food which means someone needs a job, and someone also needs to get the food. That takes a lot of time and energy."" I agree with my mom, and if simple things like going outside for an hour a day are practiced as a child, having a job and @CAPS3 a family will be easier. Rather than searching the internet for hous to find a good online source to support your thesis paper go to the library! The internet is a realitively new data basis. However, it has grown so much. You cannot always trust internet sources. People who @MONTH1 have posted the website could very well be crazy. Plus websites are filled with viruses, and what happens when your computer is dead due to viruses and you actually need your computer for a school project? The simple alternative would be going to the local library and checking out a variety of books. The books are trusted and filled with information. The internet is also not a very safe place. Facebook, aim, email, twitter, etc are all ways for people to comunicate through the computer. Facebook, aim and twitter are scary and not safe because you @MONTH1 not know who you are talking to. They do have a profile which you @MONTH1 be able to relate to, but they could be lying. ""The internet is a broad place open to strangers,"" my dad says. I am not allowed to have these ways to comunicate because of the specific reasons that I stated earlier. My parents are doing this to protect me and I agree with their decision. Rather than talking to complete strangers go over to your friends house. Your friends are the people that you want to talk to and spend time with. Overall computers are bizarre pieces of technology that can be unsafe, not truthful, and are forcing children to become more dependent on adults. I have to disagree with the supporters of technology. There are many healthy alternatives to the computer. I believe that experts who are concerned that people are spending to much time on the computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. Not only do the alternatives that I stated before keep people safe, they also practice a healthier way of living. It is important to keep your bodies healthy because in the end thats what everyone's goal should be."	6	4	10
246	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, Computers are all around us where ever you go. You can learn things on them or play games. Although computers are all around us they do not have a possitive effect on people because, harmful people could findout where you live and they are too addicting. Where ever you look you can find a computer. At home, in school, in your car, at work, and hotels. Being exposed to these computers are helpful. Everything we see now a days is run by or has a computer. In the future we are going to see more and more computers. Buisnesses practically run off of computers, soon they will run them by thereself. Also with so many computers it creates jobs. You can make computers, program them, fix them, and even supervise them doing work. Even though everyone says they are safe on the computer, they are not. While on a chatting website you could meet someone and they might be a child melestor or a. They can find out where you live and when no one is home or when you are home alone. With your address they can even look at your house on a website or possibly get your houses blueprints. Then they can come and leave you mentally scared for life. There are tons of things you can do on a computer. For example you can play games. There are games with virtual worlds or games that are fun and have no meaning. Either way games on the computer are too addicting. You say you are going to play for @NUM1 minutes but they are so addicting you play for @NUM2 hours. The games just suck you in and your stuck. Although computers are all around us they do not have a possitive effect on people because harmful people can find out where you live and they are too addicting. Computers are good and bad at the same time. People need to know when to stop using it or it can drasticly change your life."	3	4	7
247	"People using computers is a good way for them to talk with distant relatives or friends, learn keyboarding skills, and research about far-away places. First, the wonder ful technology that computers have is amazing. They can surf the web in milli-seconds. This benefits people because if you were doing a research paper on china, many search engines let you surf the web at blazing fast speed, and in a little time, you could have all the information you needed. Scientists say that @PERCENT1 of computer-users have fast internet, and they reccommend it to other, first-time buyers. The computer that I use is a unique computer that was customizable to my liking. I like playing games and editing videos, so I got an outstanding graphics car that has outstanding speeds for rendering videos. This let me play games and edit videos, and my @NUM1 gb hard drive is capable of storing all my programs and projects, for future use. Doing many things on the computer can really help your hand-eye coordination. In fact, about @PERCENT2 of computer say that over a using a computer. they were to type @PERCENT3 quicker that they could before. Thats a very good number, but the average person woh types could write in @NUM2 in I have. I can type a that big in about @NUM3 minutes because it have been typing in other @NUM3. Computers are a big part of my life and I still have time to do other things with my family, and friends. The last thing that computers help us people with chatting with friends on websites, like facebook, myspace, and @ORGANIZATION1. They all let you share with all of your friends, and of you needed to, you could chat with far away friends or relatives. This helps because if you haven't talked to your cousin in a while, you can check up with him and talk about things. I have a causing who graduated college and is now teaching in @LOCATION1, and when our gets together, we webchat with him on @ORGANIZATION1 and it is helpful because we haven't seen him in @NUM5 years, and we all wanted to see what he was up to. He was also able to send us pictures, which helped because we all missed his face. So, blazing fast speed to chatting with distant relatives. These are key factors that show us that you can have fun on computers and still have time for family and friends."	5	5	10
248	"Dear Readers @ORGANIZATION1 the @LOCATION3, In this time almost everything @CAPS33 @CAPS39 revolves around tecknology, @CAPS1, @CAPS2, @CAPS3, with the @CAPS10. Changeing around @CAPS4 so quickly and without @CAPS5 @CAPS39 @CAPS33 still have time to stop and smell the roases? People are no longer at treadwell looking at the distinguished @CAPS6 in the fall or at @ORGANIZATION2 or playing @CAPS7 or baseball, but insted sitting on a chair @ORGANIZATION2 a video on @CAPS8 or playing games like @CAPS9 or @CAPS10 @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS11, In @LOCATION5 helth problems have become an epidemic! Why? Because @CAPS12 than enjoying the fresh air and open fields @CAPS13 has to offer @CAPS33 are enjoying @CAPS14 @NUM1 or our @ORGANIZATION4 @CAPS15 @CAPS16! As a @CAPS40 @LOCATION5 @CAPS21 @DATE1 has gone from @NUM2 @CAPS19 (@LOCATION1, @LOCATION2) @LOCATION6, @LOCATION4, @ORGANIZATION4-@CAPS17 and @CAPS18) having a @PERCENT2 @CAPS35 for obesity to @CAPS29 @NUM3 @CAPS19 with a @PERCENT1 @CAPS35! Thats more @PERCENT3 @ORGANIZATION1 @LOCATION5! What other rate is going @CAPS20 incresingly @CAPS21 they @DATE1's? The number @ORGANIZATION1 homes that own Computers and they @CAPS35 rate each home owns! Dr. @DR1 @CAPS22 @CAPS23 a @CAPS24 in they @ORGANIZATION4 Your @CAPS25 @CAPS26, he found that in they last @NUM4 @CAPS27 they number @ORGANIZATION1 type @NUM5 diabetics has almost doubled! @PERSON1 ahead reacher at @ORGANIZATION6 (@ORGANIZATION1) @CAPS28 an article for @ORGANIZATION3. In his article he exclaimed that, ""@CAPS29 @PERCENT4 @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS30 @ORGANIZATION4 own more than one computer per house - hold! @CAPS14, @CAPS15 and @ORGANIZATION5 are all doing verry well in this economic slumps, while sporting goods, books and exersise equipment are doing the right. @CAPS33 at @ORGANIZATION6 see this as a main cause for @CAPS32 growing lack @ORGANIZATION1 exercise and increase in time on home computers. Also just as important is how all this time spent on computers if effecting children, ""@CAPS33 @CAPS34 on @CAPS35 @NUM5 1/@NUM5 having on computer a day."" @CAPS36 as @PERSON2, a writer for the @ORGANIZATION4. It has become a parent that children are @CAPS34 in less time playing sports and more time on there ""amazing @ORGANIZATION4 @CAPS15 laptop"" playing video games! I am @NUM8, I have been playing @CAPS7 in @LOCATION3 for @NUM9 @CAPS27! @CAPS21 I was @NUM10. The @LOCATION3 travel team use to have so manny people try out it was difficult to get on, @CAPS38 so few people play that for barly need to try out! When I grow @CAPS20 I am most likely going to end put a job somowhere working for some big busniss like google teachings things need to be on so I will probohaly be working on computer, so for @CAPS38 I want to enjoy being a kid! he shouldent let kids waste these on video games, they will waste enoufgh @ORGANIZATION1 there lives behrind a computer later in life. @CAPS33 are talking about the health @ORGANIZATION1 this @CAPS40! Americus futer, the children @ORGANIZATION1 tommorow, @CAPS39 @CAPS33 want a @CAPS40 wher everyone has diabeties and diveron there computers? Through the @CAPS10 around @CAPS4 @MONTH1 change @CAPS33 need keep one thing the same no matter how difficult it is . That is @CAPS33 need to @CAPS41 @CAPS20 and help keep the @CAPS10 in good shape and @CAPS33 can't @CAPS39 that from behind a computer screen. Thank you for your time."	5	5	10
249	"Although most people would say the invention of a computer is a good thing, I dissagree. There are many bad things about the invention of computers, they give access to the internet. The internet has innappriate pictures and writing, unclear identification, and games. The worst of all is that on the internet, there is always unclear indentification. Although something on a social website such as @CAPS1, or @CAPS2 might say a person is fourteen years old, @CAPS3 or @CAPS4 might be someone that had just been released from prison and is actually fourty years old. There is never a way to know if its safe to talk to other people on the internet. Games on the internet are also very bad. Games are one of the causes or obesity in america. Also, games on the internet cause kids to be drawn away from their families. Another reason of why games are bad is because you can become addicted to them, and stare at a computer screeen so long you get eye-strain. There are also innapropriate pictures and writing on the internet. There is bomb making websites and illegal music downloading websites. Overell, computers are for researching but aren't reliable in safety and cause obesity nad family aruements."	3	4	7
250	"Dear Readers, @CAPS1 you imagine not talking to distant friends, only knowing about your town, or even failing @CAPS5 you didn’t ha a @CAPS3? I know I couldn’t. Some of the great benefits of having a @CAPS3 are talking online with friends, learning about new places and things everywhere, and being able study for and tests from the internet. First, being able to talk to distant friends and relatives is now passive with the @CAPS3. Facts show show that @PERCENT1 of families in the @LOCATION1 have distant friends with @CAPS2, now all of these people can tlk to each other! Ill never forget the time that my close freinds moved, but i was still able to talk to him @CAPS5 of the @CAPS3. Second, the @CAPS3 allows you to learn about new places and things all around the world. I never would have I know about some of the places I've been to if it was for comoputer, @ORGANIZATION1 stated that the @CAPS3 expert @PERSON1 says ""@CAPS3 are the reason we have in much without @CAPS3 wouldn't know about the places."" @CAPS4, it is now possible study without @CAPS5 of the @CAPS3, @CAPS6 can be done on the internet online. I'll never forget the that I forget my book, but I @CAPS1 still study @CAPS5 of the online book. In conclusion the @CAPS3 has benifits to you, like interacting with friends online, learning about new places, and being able to study. Computers are just end all-around benifits."	4	4	8
251	"Letter to the @CAPS1 I disagree with the so-called ""experts"" that claim that computers could have negative effects on people. The idea that you socialize less with family and friends is a pathetic arguement. Social networking sites like @CAPS2 or @CAPS3 allow @CAPS22 with all your friends @CAPS4 and other online games help you met new people that could be hundreds of miles away from you! Twiter is good when you just want to say something quick like ""@CAPS5 to @LOCATION1"". @CAPS18 allows you to talk to friends, comment on their videos, and subscribe to them, plus it provides hours of entertainment without a fee. Computers also can provide fun games and entertain users. There are many free games, like @PERSON1, that have endless possibilities. @PERSON1 @PERSON1 (made by @CAPS6) claims to be the most popular @CAPS7 (@CAPS8 @CAPS9 Online @CAPS10-playing @CAPS11) on the web. You can level up combat skills: attack, defence, strength, ranged, and magic. Or you can level up skills like wood cutting, prayer, farming, fishing, mining, and cooking. @PERSON1, like most @CAPS4, has quests, with varying difficulties. For example, for one quest you have to kill a demon, but for another, just find a missing cat. There are over @NUM1 quests, and there are never fewer than @NUM2 people playing at a time. Some other notable @CAPS13 games are @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS14: @CAPS15, @CAPS16 of @CAPS17, @ORGANIZATION2, @LOCATION2, and @ORGANIZATION1. As you can see, the computer has an impressive list of entertaining @CAPS11 for all ages, not to mention sites like @CAPS18 or addicting games. Computers don't really affect exercising. That's a personal choice, so you have to choose between @CAPS2 or the basketball court. It's like saying that before we had computers or video @CAPS11 consoles, that a @CAPS20 board stopped kids from exercising. The computer doesn't actually stop us from exercising. It's our minds that do, and our judgement. If you have bad judgement, you'd stay inside all day tweeting and @CAPS21. With a good strong mind and willpower, you can overcome a bad decision and play sports or go to the gym. All it takes is good judgement. Just to recap what I've said, @CAPS22 is plenty on computers and there are many choices on how to do it. Many sites amuse us, and we should make use of that. Not to mention you can buy games like @CAPS16 of @CAPS17 or @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS14: @CAPS15 for your @CAPS13! Computers don't actually hinder exercising, all it takes is good judgement to get off that chair and exercise."	5	5	10
252	"The question is does computers have a positive effect on society? Yes computers definetly have a positive effect on society. Computers teach hand-eye coordiantion, give people the ability to learn about faraway people and places and allows people to talk to other people online. Computers put a positive effect of people. First, Computers teach people hand-eye coordination. I mean, computers help people learn how to use there eyes and hands t the same time. A survey conducted by @PERSON3 shows that @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people have better hand-eye coordiantion that use computers them that don't. Proffessor @PERSON1 says ""people that use a computer are much more coordinated than any othe person, it is a great discovery."" You @MONTH1 be thinking that s computer would make you less coordianted BUT, computers really help hand-eye coordination in people. In conclusion the more you get to learn hot to use a computer the better hand-eye coordinated you will be. Second, computers allow people to be able to learn about far away places and people. i mean that a computer can help you learn about a faraway @CAPS3 without paying a fortune in money to go the @CAPS3. I remember the time @CAPS4 my mom and dad was going to go to @CAPS1 to see a lot of the landmarks and my uncle came to my house with a brand new computer and my parents ended up staying home and saved themselves a large amount op money. Famous explorer @CAPS2 smome says ""before I go anywhere I always google it on my computer to learn about life, climent, etc, on the @CAPS3. I know you @MONTH1 be thinking that it would be a better experience to go to the @CAPS3 but, it is really expensive to go to very faraway countries. In conclusion, computer can help you save money and help you learn. Third, computers lets people talk to other people online. i mean people go to special websites just to talk to friends. A survey done by @ORGANIZATION1. Shows that @PERCENT1 of people talk to other people over those websites. aAmous social worker @PERSON2 says ""@CAPS4 people use these websites it helps them with their vocabulary and social abilities."" I know you @MONTH1 be thinking those websites are dangerous is at, viris software can prevent danger. In conclusion social abilities are up with computers. Lastly, computers teach people about faraway places, help social abilities and learn hand-eye coordination. Computers can help society and learning so help the growth technology today!!!"	4	4	8
253	"Technology, such as computers are very big. I belive computers have a good effect on people. People that use computers mostly use it to connet with family do research, or to be neat and not write it on paper. I belive that people who don’t think computer make a good effect on people shouldn't bother wasting their time using one. @PERCENT1 of people only use computer to connect with family. Usually your family either lives far away or in another state and you dont get to see them very often. Thats why I think video chating on the computer is a good thing. Also is a family come up you could @CAPS1-mail @CAPS2 your family members instead of calling them because they would talk to you forever. Lastley if you use myspace, facebook or twitter you could connect with old friends and not just family members. ""@CAPS2 my teachers enjoy it when I use the computer to do my work, they said its alot neater"" said @CAPS3 romano from strong middle school. Teachers perfer it when you use the computers to do your work. When you are writing a book report or you are writing a story, you would want to use,icrosoft word of something to write out your paper so it is easer for teachers to read. Also if your in science class and you need to make the chart you would want to use exal to make the chart or graph look more professional. Lastly is you wanted to do a presintation on bloody @DATE1 or little @CAPS4 nine you would want to use a power point instaed of just reading from note cards. If people didn't have google or yahoo they wouldn't know what to do, computers are very good for research. If a student to do a presentation on something they would want to know more about it and look,the topic up. Also if your family was having a discusion at dinner and you had no idea what they were talking about you would look it up online, lastly if you just wanted to find lyrics to a song because you and a friend disagreed on something. Once again I belive that computers make a good effect on people, good for connecting with friends and family. Good for being neat and lastly good for reaserching anything!"	4	5	9
254	"Do computers really benifit society? This has been a tricky question for years. Some people say computers are a huge help and it allows us to see the world through a different perspective; we learn more from computers and this vast increase in tecknology. Though others say computers are addicting, it is the @CAPS2 unsafe and unsecure machine to be using especially when it is left a lot of personal files on it while hooked up to the internet. Plus people spend more time on a computer than ever, missing out on thier families and friends, not being able to enjoy nature and the other simple things in life. Besides, if you want my honest opinion, computers should only be used as tools. ""The fact is many people look to computers as personal diaries or something to save files on or even something to play games on,"" says @PERSON2. ""They ignore the biggest fact that computers are only used to make life easier."" This is really what computers are made to do, help us. It could be as simple as a @CAPS1 (@ORGANIZATION1) or as complexed as a super computer but it still only serves the main purpose of making life easier. Even if you tried to upgrade a computer it would still serve the same purpose, yet people still look on it as if it were still the next big thing in entertainment. Many people might not even know it yet but computer can turn on you and really ruin your life. Ever since @PERSON1 made @ORGANIZATION2 the @CAPS2 popular disk @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 around, people have been using computers alot. Its not because he created the fastest computer ever. It is because @ORGANIZATION2 is selling world wide; for buisnesses, small companies, schools, even in entertainment. A few years ago they made something called the xbox @NUM1. It revolutionized both gaming and the way people look at gaming. But whats the problem here? The problem is that because of @ORGANIZATION2 people are now more addicted to entertainment. When this happens people will start becoming dependent on a computer. Its not that @ORGANIZATION2 did anything bad but the fact that since @CAPS2 computers have internet, those people who depend on computers are going to find it hard to avoid being hacked or worse getting all their information stolen. There is this one thing about computers that remains constant. Family and friends will find it hard to talk to there loved one when they spend all there time on computers. This makes comunication hard, and like I said before its very addicting. ""@CAPS2 of the people who don't have real friends will chat with people online not knowing who they really are."" says @CAPS3 @PERSON3. Making friends online is the @CAPS2 unsafe thing to do on a computer. Over @PERCENT1 of the people online are not who they say they are and people will often break away from thier real friends just to find this new ""friend"" they've made. So remember, even though computers are"	5	5	10
255	"The effects that i have on computers are good. I will be talkin about things that help the human nature with one technology computers. How people can learn about faraway palces. Helps them with school, and taxes. How to communicate with people that arnt with you. and my conclusion with all three reasons. The effects of computers on me are very good. Because they help people learn about faraway places. Lets say a family is planning a vocation to @LOCATION1. And they dont no anthing about it so they go on a computer and they could book a reserucition for a hotel. My second opinion on computer is that. you have a project for school and you need the right information. Thats not in books go on a computer. Lets say you have to do taxes online because your cripplede (@CAPS1) so you might wanna @NUM1 www. turbotax.com. and you hale your taxes infront of your eyes. My hold opinion on computers is. @NUM2 you have a friend or family member you lost contact with. Go on the computer and find them and then you guyz can plan a day were you guyz could catch up/ @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 guardians have issues about there child. They can confront the situation about three child. and last ley my last conclusion. Thats what i feel about computer. That we need them to communicate to other people. To do assignments for a job or school. Or to learn about places that you never been to before or would like to vacation to. And the reason why i feel like that is because i passion for computer. And i hope you like what i wrote. I hope i persuaded you to like computers more."	4	4	8
256	"Dear editor, I think people are using computers to much and are not benifiting as much as loosing from it people are getting less exercise, not seeing nature, and not spending no much quality time with their family and friends. Read on to find ou more. First of all, people are not getting enough exersize. Especialy children, They spend to much time on computers and are becomeing over weight. America is in a crisis with child obesety. So computer have chipped into that. Many adults are over weight because they sit at computers and work as play games all day. I reason that computers are more unhealthy for us. Secondly, people are not going on hikes or trips to see the beauties of nature. Earth has many things to offer, new things to explore and discover. People can be discovering many great wonders. Finding new species, is something you need to explore nature for: animals, fish, plants, there are many out there waiting to be discovered. Reason @NUM1 why computers are not benifiting us. Thirdly, family and friends are not spending as much quality time together as they should. Realitives you talk to over computers, why not talk to them in real life. friends chatting online on facebook, aim, things like that, why not talk to each other in person and have fun memories with each other? More kids are spending time on the computer than sitting down eating a family meal together and expreriensing what a family should talk about. Reason @NUM2 on why computers are not benifitting us. In conclusion, Computers are taking over our minds and were not getting much exersise. Seeing the beauty of nature, and spending less more with their families."	4	5	9
257	"Dear, @CAPS1 I am writting this article on computers to inferm you my oppinun on computers positive and negotive efects. The reason why computers are so succsesful is beacuse of some of the great imformation they. Such as directions to a place until you are going to or home imformation on a subject or a pearson. Althoug these all sound good any one can post imformation on the internet so some imformation misnt not all be accrate. Some reasons why the computer is bud is beacuse of signs wich are not safe and can give your pearsonal imformation to a and comeing back to bud you in the future. Also webite or pop up icon are not suttebul for younger kids and exposeing them to to mature for them. Lastly talking on the computer is apart of our everyday lives such as emails almost every american whita computer here. A email, this is a great to relie or. Also the new sorse of web witch giving you the ability to see peaple and into the computers wich is raipidly growing in the @LOCATION1 @CAPS2 all in this article this you my point of veiw on computers."	4	4	8
258	"@CAPS1 that was the sound of a light bulb going off in your head. You learned something new! Yipee, if it internet for computers, you would have to read those boring textbooks. Computers have a good effect on people because they teach so much valuable information, they can answer your question in @NUM1 seconds, and also they give you communication to the entire world! Imagine this, you need to know who the third president of the @CAPS2.S was. Are you going to go to the computer and save a bunch of time? or are you going to walk over to those miserable books? Geuss what... the capital of @LOCATION2 is @LOCATION1, the constitution of the @ORGANIZATION1 says that a person has the right to, and @PERSON1, one of @CAPS3 greatest, was assasinated in his car. If it wasn't for the internet, I wouldn't have known that. @NUM2 in @NUM3 websites on the internet are for educational value, @PERSON2, a technology major at @CAPS4 recently said, "The internet is a huge chunk in education, and if it wasn't for computers we wouldn't know the things we do today. Its packed with so much to learn, its very useful to, and forces so much info into them. Lila, a technology major said, "@PERCENT1 of people communicate through computers, @PERCENT2 through phones, and @PERCENT3 through mail." @NUM4 in @NUM5 people over the age of nine, have an email. Incredible numbers of emails are sent everyday. What would it be like withour computers? Think about those numbers you just read, isnt that incredible? Computers have a good effect on people because they teach so much valuable information, they can answer your question in @NUM1 seconds, and also they give you communication to the entire world. If you just take a step back, you notice how valuable something really is to you."	5	5	10
259	"Dear @CAPS1, don't you think that nature is better than spending way too much time in the computer? Well, generally speaking, I think it is and i'll give you only three reasons why. First of all, it's about the obesity percentage in @LOCATION1. Second, you can spend a lot more time with your family. Finally, you can enjoy what nature has to offer. I think that the great outdoors is the way to go because @LOCATION1 needs some exercise rather than spending time in the computer. Also because the obesity percentage rate is advancing up really high. In @DATE1, @PERCENT1 are obese or overweighted. Last year in @DATE2, it was @PERCENT2. Wow, the rate went went up like @PERCENT3 in each year. This info was online at www.tomatotalks.org. Another thing I would like to consider, spending more time with a family or even a friend is a good thing. All statistics show that spending time with your family anywhere especially at the dinner table is a great way to talk about your child's problem's in school, and also to learn their parent's mistakes too. Also share great laugh's. Finally the most important thing is what they will do for their future. Last, but not least, you can enjoy the greater outdoors, and also discover some of the most important creatures such as insects, reptiles, and mammals. These creatures are the most important things in our life to learn about. Also trees that gives us oxygen too. Mother nature has it's great benefits when your career is all about science. Computers are educational but nature is better!"	4	4	8
260	"Dear newspaper, @CAPS1 you think that computers have bad effect on people today? I know I don't. Over @PERCENT1 of people today have a computer. On a computer you can find great things about a place and people. If you don't have the best handwriting then you can type it and computer can help you look stuff up. @CAPS1 you want to go and look you your favorite hockey player? Instead of going to the library and hoping that theres a book on him. You can just @ORGANIZATION1 his name and hundreds of different websites using will came. That will save a lot of your day and it will save a lot of you money. If you go on a family trip each year to the sum. Place you need a change? Then you can look up another place online that @MONTH1 has the same features but it @MONTH1 be way closer then going to @LOCATION1 each year. So, if you have a computer then you can look places you @MONTH1 want to travel to or look up cool facts about your future sport player. If you have messy handwriting and its getting harder and harder for your teacher to read then you can just learn how to type it up on the computer. At least @PERCENT2 of students in schools today are getting zero on homewrok or test because their teacher can't read their hand writing. If you type it up on a s computer then you will spelling or grammar as you ever you for sizes and color as pictures are make your grade high to the fact you little more work into you die. So, to all the people who think that computer help anyone well reasons why computer can help someone. Computers can help kids find something or can help them computer can also find video about your favorite player or about you favorite hockey players give warning not the playoffs. You can find all good stuff online. You can find your favorite song for your cellphone. Over @PERCENT3 of people get the song from the computer. Also the computer can play the favorite song on the computer. For example if your favorite band was drop kick murpheys then you can @ORGANIZATION1 that are you will find all of their songs. Alot of people think that computer are not good for us. But, I say they are wrong. You can find info about there future person they can look up there. If you have messy handwriting then you can go and type it up lastly you can songs, video, and much more when you browse the web. For example, @LOCATION2, @MONTH1 be there very own website. Computer can help kids find info better we type your paper sloppy."	5	4	9
261	"Dear @PERSON1, Advances in technology and computers is a bad thing. When the computer company's such as @CAPS1, @ORGANIZATION2, and @ORGANIZATION1, make cool updates to their computer systems people do not want to shut their computer off, which is not a good thing. As a child did you spend all of your time indoors and online? Computers take time away from spending time outside, or exercising. And they affect very crucial family time. Computer advances are bad for our country and town. Now-a -days, kids would much rather spend time on their computers than outside. This can have a very negative affect. First of all, it is important that students see and feel nature, and last time I checked they can not do that on a computer. Children need to see animals, smell the sweet scent of flowers and feel the breeze brush against their cheeks. A second reason that going outside is important is for the sun. Even though the sun does have harmful days, it is still important for health that everyone spends some time in the sun. The computer takes times away from nature which is unhealthy and dangerous. Computer also take precious time away from exercise. If people spend all their time on computers, then do they exercise. Everyone is supposed to get at least @NUM1 minutes of activity daily, but no one ever spends that much time working out. Also, obesity numbers have increased greatly since the invention of personal computer and the internet. Obesity can make life difficult for people and can also lead to disease. Life with computers has lead to less people exercising and obesity rates increasing. Another issue computers cause is that people are spending less time with their families. Family is one of the most important things in the world and everyone should spend a few hours daily with their family. Plus with encouregement from their family, many students excel in school and sports, which gives them graet self-confidence. Computers take time away from something that should be thw most important to everyone, family. Many people are affected negatively by computers. The technology takes very important time away from children and adults. It takes time away from the outdoors, exercising, and family. Yes, computers @MONTH1 make life easier, but they have a much more negative affect than they do a positive one."	6	5	11
262	"I agree that computers do benefit society because every one uses one or has one it helps you with important stuff the computer makes things easy. Computers, give exercise in a way it makes your fingers move faster. The computer is the best thing ever that happend to this world you can chat with your friends family, print writing play games. What can get better than that we can research a famous person google dead people look up pictures. But the computer makes you lazy because it makes you wana just sit there never get off of it its addicting to people but others just don't know the meaning of using or having a computer. If the others had an computer they would change there mind. You can go on myspace thinks to tom talk to friend family people from a diffrent town, state. You also can go on google yahoo, facebook, twitter the computer and internet is really fun and it give you a little exercise. And it helps you with your school work, home work, research of a country, place, house, vacation you can do lots of things. But then the other people have a point enjoying nature is good because it gets you healthy strong and it will get playing sports more and having fun outside instead of staying in side all day doing nothing staring at your computer screen not wanting to get sleep or going out side so both pretty much the same to me but I do with the first opionion because computers are the best!"	4	4	8
263	"Dear local newspaper, I just wanted to say that I do I agree with you that some people spend a lot of time on the computer. My reasons are that people need to exersize, go out doors. And have fun. If you keep reading you'll understand why they need to do theis things. My first reason was exersizeing. And the reason why I say exersizeing is because you don't need to be on the computer all day long. So many things that they can do, is run, jog, and go for bike rides. I mean it's ok to go on the computer once and a while to learn but that's why they have books, and school to learn about things. My second reason was going out-side and the reason for that is because people need to get fresh air and not be locked inside all day. Another one was to explore and go on a hike to see what is out there and just have a good time. My other reason was nature. And what I mean by that is you can go to the zoo and learn about stuff there to. Another thing is that you can do much more with out being on the computer all day long. My last reason was you can talk to your friend about stuff, you can go to the mall all day, you can also hang out with your friend and have a sleep over and watch movies. You don't need to stay on the computer all day you need to have fun. This is why I say you don't need to be on the computer. You can do other stuff and still learn with-out being on the computer. For once maby insed of talking online you can actultly go to your friends house and talk. Thank you for your time. Hope to talk to you soon."	4	4	8
264	"Who would have thought computers can have effect for people. People all over learn things on the computer each day. Of cours every body learns and reds new things because of the computer. @CAPS1 is even fun stuff todo on the computer. You can pick from many different music videos and music. And @CAPS1 are many ways to chat with people like over the phone on a cell phone. But @CAPS1 are computers too , @CAPS1 are many ways to communicate with friends/family. Also @CAPS1 is myspace, facebook and @CAPS2. Those @NUM1 are websites that you can go on to take to family/friends but theres others website that you can go on. But I would also like to comment something about the computer. I understand the computers lots of fun. Sometimes you need a brake you cant stay on the computer all the time. You must that you need exercize too. You must go out and enjoy nature. You should take awaile or ride your bike. You must understand computers are good for learning but not for eeryday life. The computer is good for learning but you should also go out and got some fresh air."	3	4	7
265	"Dear local Newspaper, @CAPS1 waste your time learning at home when thats what schools for? People are concerned that too many people are spending too much time on their computers. They spend less time outdoors, excersising, and enjoying nature! People need more time to interact with their family. People are concerned. They are concerned there is way too much computer time. One time my mom had just bought a new computer and I stayed up all night on the internet. When I woke up the morning I was so tired and I didnt want to go to school. I think you should consider less computer time. The more time people use their computers the less time they are enjoying the outdoors. Insted of talking to you on myspace that they right down the street at the park with them. @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people in @CAPS2 that use alot of computer time. Interacting is a nice enjoy nature and have fun. Family activities is a nice, fun and enjoyable way to spend your time. You can go to park when its nice outdoor weather, go swimming, play sports, in the wintertime you can possibly go to the movies, go to the mall, have fun with the family dont waste your time on the internet. In conclusion, there is too much computer time and you as the newspaper editor I advise you to make computers more expensive so people can spend their money on something more usefull because there is too much computer time. My mom says that ""more people use there computers, more that they put their feet in their shoes and walk outside!"" @CAPS3 people in @LOCATION1, @CAPS2 think the same. Please consider my opinions the right way. Thank you"	4	4	8
266	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, Have you ever spent more than an hour at once on the computer? Computers have a negative affect on people! You could be damaging your sight, time should be spent playing outside, and it'll make it harder to talk to people in person. Do your eyes tend to hurt when your finally off the computer? Whether or not you playing games or typing articles your eyes @MONTH1 strain to keep up with a small font on a website. I remember the time when I read an online novel and my whole body was ready to go and play. Except for my eyes. Instead of playing sports games on the computer you should get up and play one outside! When your on a computer, your most-likely indoors. Did you knew a person should be be outside for at least @NUM1 minutes to get there vitamin @CAPS3. Your net sustaining the right amount of vitamins you need daily, at a computer screen. Do you ever find it easier to talk to someone on the computer, than it is in person? Your not the only person that thinks that way. If you get off of the computer and talk to one face to face you can improve your social skills. At first it wont be easy but its worth it in the long run. By now you know that computers aren't really giving off a positive effect. There hurting your vision, limiting your outdoor activity time and making it harder to talk to people in person. So come on put down the mouse down and find something ""hands on"" to do!"	4	4	8
267	"Some ""experts"" are warned that people should spend too much time on their computers. Yet, look at all of the advantages to a computer. You can develop better hand-eye coordination skills, internet with friends/family who could live hundreds of miles away, and you can learn about cultures all around the world, along with the people who live in those countries, without ever leaving home. In my oponion, computers overall benefit society, helping us learn more & more every day. First off, there are many skills you can develop on the computer. For example, when playing interactive high-paced games, kids get a sense of awareness timing, and hand-eye coordination. Not to mention, with new advances in technology, people can now go to college without ever leaving home, and at a much lower price, while still getting a great education. Many people even work from home, thanks to their computers. These are still only a few of the many skills that can be learned on computers. Secondly, why buy a ticket to a far away country that's fairly expensive, trade in all your money for the money they have there, go through the hasslels of baggage, ect. When you could simply go online and look it up on the computer? You can go online, look up some of that countries recipes, language, pictures, people without the hassel of going there. Not to mention, for kids who aren't old enough to @LOCATION1, or have to do a report on it, instead of making through countless textbooks, newspapers, libraries in general, they go online, @CAPS1 their country, and they have must, if not all the info they need right there. So not only is getting the information then you would've learned in the first place, thereby, extending your knowledge. Finally, the internet helps people connect. Leading experts from the @CAPS2.S.A., or Family security agency, says that since people have started using programs like @ORGANIZATION1 and facebook, many more families, who live in different countries, have been able to re-coonect and get to know one-another. For example, if you have an uncle who lives in @LOCATION1, you could both buy cameras for your computer, install them, and within minutes, be seeing each other/talking face to face. I think this is better then simply writing letters to them, as it's quicker, and you get to connect more. Same goes if a friend or you move away, but want to stay in touch. A quick facebook account or @ORGANIZATION1, and you'll still be good friends. So all in all, yes, computers do benefit society, as they help teach people skills, learn about distant cultures/far away countries, and connect people, who might live in different countries. I don't see anything wrong with these beneficial factors to society. So yes, computers have a positive effect on people."	5	5	10
268	"Dear editor: More and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that that benefits society. As editor of the newspaper, you have the power to inform people about situations. In my opinion computers are desperately in need because of the following: the computers give people the ability to learn about faraway places, people, and weather, they allow people to talk online with others, and many jobs use computers. Do you want a more economically advanced state? First of all the computer gives people the ability to learn about far away places, people, and the weather. I have an uncle named @PERSON1, that has @NUM1 little girls. Every day in the morning before school @PERSON1 checks on the weather, on his computer to make sure it is safe to go school. However, one day forgot to check the weather on his computer and took his kids to school. Little did he know the roads were extremely icey. Sadly @PERSON1 and his daughters got in a car accident and two of girls broke a few bones. As you can see, the weather the computer world have saved him a trip to the emergency room. Next, the computer allows you to talk online with other people. Dr. @DR1 from @CAPS1 states says that, ""chating online with others (@CAPS2) is the best way to stay in touch with others from your old school, camp and many other places."" I highly agree because adults can stay in touch with freinds from middle school. Also @PERCENT1 of students say that they usually go online to study or get the pages for homework. I believe that chating online to study for tests is a fantastic idea because it will help the students to get better grades. Some parents say that that is a way to study and a waste of time. However teachers say that ever since @CAPS2 was invented the students grades were skyrocketing. Finally most jobs today use computers. For example my dad works for @ORGANIZATION1 and the computer helps him communicate with clients all over the world. Also the chat can translate the language, thus it makes it much easier than talking on the phone. Also the teachers use computers to put grades from students in. This makes the teachers job much easier because it averages all of the grades. The computer revolutionise the jobs of people. In conclusion the computer has a positive effect on people because it gives people the ability to learn about faraway places, people, and weather, allows people to talk online with other people, and many jobs use computers. I urge you to support me by writing a positive article on computer and how the help the society. Please take my idea into consideration."	5	4	9
269	"Yes, I do think that we should continue useing computers because it helps us stay in contact with other countries around the world, it forms a balance, and it also makes life simpler. First of all, computers help us stay in contact with the other countries around the world. Without computers we would not be able to @CAPS1 or evan video message other countries about important events. Sencond, we have to balance computers and excersing and interacting with just sitting on the computer but computers can help us interact with family and friends by emailing or video chating can also help you stay in contact. Last useing computers makes life simpler like how its so much easier to write an @CAPS1 and not a letter and its easier to instant message someone then to call them also for school projects you can make your project look so much better by adding pictures and diffrent fonts just hand writing it. That why arents arent a waste at time because they help us stay in contact with the other countres, they form a balance and it also makes life simplier."	3	4	7
270	"Dear local newspaper, The effects Computers have on people is that people realie on them and thats not good because they have less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. First of all, having less time exercising is not good because @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people ent up fighting obesscicley. ""You don't want to be one of those people trust me"" said @PERSON1. Second, enjoying nature is a good thing to do instead of playing with a computer because you get your daily dose of air by enjoying nature. ""You also have a lot of fun"" said @LOCATION1. Lastly, interacting with family and friends is fun and who doesn't love that. ""Spending time with the family is fun cause you get to go places,"" said @PERSON3. ""Who doesn't love going out and spending time with friends on the weekends,"" said @PERSON2. Those are my reasons why the effects computers have on people are not good."	3	3	6
271	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I agree that computers do have a positive effect on people. I agree, because being on the computer teaches you hand-eye coordination, helps people learn about faraway places and people, and allows people to talk to other people. By being on the computer it helps teach people hand-eye coordination. So the computer help with hand- eye coordination by using the mouse and keyboard. For example, when you use a computer you dont need to look at your hands while you use the mouse. That helps with hand-eye coordination, because you can see where your hand is without looking. Another example is the keyboard, because while learning where all the keys are you memorize them. Then soon you can type with without looking. The computer also helps you to learn. When you go on the computer the thing people go on is the internet. On the internet people can find information about faraway places or people. So, because the computer has different links and websites, it helps kids and adults everywhere to get information fast. Without the computer everyone would have to go to a library, but what if they didnt have the right information? Then you would need to trace around everywhere to find a book. Thats why a computer is handy. Also, the computer allows people to stay in touch with others farther away. One example of this is that there are chat rooms or groups people can join. So, if a relative or friend is farther away from a more or if they are down the street, with chat rooms it makes talking easier. Also, by these chat rooms and groups it makes a lot of people happy knowing that they can still talk with an old friend or relative instead of loosing them from never seeing or talking to them. That is just another example why the computer has a positive effect. So, with the examples of the computer helping teach hand-eye coordination, makes obtaining information easier and of the many reasons and examples of the computer having a positive effect."	4	4	8
272	"Dear, @CAPS1-@ORGANIZATION1 Computers... they are sometimes bad and sometimes good they're like people. Computers are helpful on finding information, making your work less difficult. But at the same time there not so healthy to you and your family. Computers have so much information that the news paper in the future will no longer be known. Newspaper will no longer be thrown at your front porch. Because of computers instead of getting info of what happen yesterday in what area you live with the computer you can find out what intersting things happen yesterday in the whole world. But thanks to computers life is one step easier if someone had a science project. About as an example cells and with that computer it will help a lot more than you think no need to write all slopy just type of cell's were you can find in the internet, print done it just makes life way easier than just writing drawing finding info of cells in book that waste good time to go outside and play with friends and family. Computer like I said are sometimes bad like people and it also like a drug. Because look at computers when people go on website like, myspace, twitter, facebook, communicating website or game website, theres whay to much to name. Its a drug cause you to stay on it day to night you'll get stuck to it and can't get enough of it and some people won't stop and it hurts there family, friend and especially health, like drugs they cause all the same thing. I think I proved my point of why computers are sometimes bad and sometimes good like people."	4	4	8
273	The effects of computers to people are that adults and kids are getting way more attention then they need to. The first reason why is that most spend their time social networking. The others are either buying things or playing games. Some of the people that are on the computers are wasting too much time being tech-saavy. It's other ways people can spend their time like biking or taking a brisk walk. Another solution is you can get up on you learning skills or find a job around you town. Computers drain and waste peoples minds everyday. I think it is essential for the people that can't get off seek fitness and mental health. Than again it could be legitimate reasons to be on the computers spending as much time as you want. The people that abuse the access of their computer too much should think and find something else to do. I think it'll be a good idea to have a time when the computers should be shut off one day or a week. By that I mean the cable/enternet company should turn the internet and the cable off for a week of pure exercise. That'll make people who are lazy to do something active. It'll also be a good motivator for people who are on the computer or watching t.v too much. Then it would make everybody fit and health if they try. I understand the elderly or senior citizens who need their computers for health help. That's understandable but everyone else should not be exempt. Computers and laptops should be network disconnected to make people get off their feet and do something helpful or brain building. Everyday people are being digitally sucked in. Some people in this world just can't get enough of it and it need to dead soon. The government should make a legal law that you must do something that will actively benefit you. It should be a person of the state or local towns person that goes to every house. Another way that could be done is by one person from every street in the state go home-to-home to make sure the procedure is being done. A lot of people are not going to like it and they will not obey the new law. It should be a penalty towards anyone that fails to abide by it. The second choice should be a loss of internet services. That'll make them really mad and in exchange they should still exercise. Sometimes it takes harsh laws to make somebody change.	4	4	8
274	"Dear Newspaper, I think that the effects are okay as long as we get off the computers and go outside and see some friends and get some exercise. Computers let us not just talk to each other but it also lets us challenge each other on games without hurting each other it could even stop all ways all at once because we could challenge other countries in war games without killing real living people. We can check our taxes and stocks. It also makes it easier to find health insurance, car insurance, and house insurance. We can look up historical facts on the computer. We can look up how to stop snake venom from getting to your heart and how to make a how and some arrows to hurt with. You can find plumbers, technicians, oil companies, and lumber companies. you can find dates on the computer, too and find information about certain eople too."	3	3	6
275	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 recently has been brought to my attention that computers have been affecting peoples daily lives. i do agree with this because with our countries of obesity. More people need to exercise more, interact with freinds, and to just enjoy things that don't involve technology. Some people are just super glue to computers, but let's see if @CAPS3 doesn't start wearing down after this paper. Many individuals are spending too much on their computer and less time working out or exercising. People need to start spending more time on exercising and less time on their computer due to the facts that more and more states obese percents just keep rising. Yes, you @MONTH1 say I will just go on a diet ino! Diets don't always work and many people have tned them. Even a simple one hour walk with your dog is better than lazily browsing the web. And if you wanted, you could even join the local gym for @MONEY1 a month. Buttle only way this is going to happen is by you wanting to do so. Now you know how to fix your problem, get going! More people need to interact with friends instead of going on their computer. Interacting with friends or family will help themm be better with their social hucs in all. Yes, maybe your friends and family out and hungry with your friends most likely you will have more fun exercising then you have on the computers. By interacting with friends and family will help youn later in life by being more social and ready any job interview to meet you less nervous. F inally, enjoying things that don't involve technology is good to know because many people don't have as much fun out in the real world. You have to mete @CAPS3 fun. This can be schevered by asting a frend to go on a compy trip with ypu or spending a little diugh to enjoy yourself. The ourdoors and nature consists of many beautiful and awesome things; but the only way to realize this id to have fun outside or explore whats the great tourst. In conclusion, many people's lives are being manipulated by computers and destroying their daily live. but maybe due to these essy tips; excrsing more, by soul."	4	4	8
276	"In my opinion having computer is good to have. Therefore I think having computers are a good thing because nowadays computers are very useful. Also a lot of people are using the for there businesses. My there reasons are to look up information, home work, and to talk to friends and family online. My first reason is to look up information on the computer. If you have thred reports to do it will best to use a computer to look up the information because it will be easier and faster to do. For an example using the internent will be faster then looking for it in a book. For that it will take at least @NUM1 to @NUM2 minutes for the interenant if you were to lookingit in a book it can take at least @NUM3 to @NUM4 minutes. My second reason is to you could talk to your friends and family online like if one of your relatives live long distance like in @LOCATION2 then you can talk to them on your telephone or cellphone because the bill will outragouse. Or if you talk to your friends online so can ask them a question on homework or whats the homework? Like if you have a that to like @LOCATION1 you can to online and you can talk to them. My third reason is that you can even do your homework on the computer. If you have history you can go on a website for an online book instead of bringing a book to school and back to home. Also it will be easier for that you would not have to worry about bringing your history book with to home. For the example it will take less time using the interneat the using a book it will take like @NUM5 to @NUM2 minutes using the computer then using the book for @NUM5 to @NUM8 minutes. In my conclusion using a computer is very useful and very important nowadays. My three reasons are to look up information, homework and talking online to friends and family. Even though people don't like computers or don't like to use them."	4	4	8
277	"Dear @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 you all @MONTH1 know many people in our town have been quarreling about computers. Some people are pro computer useage and others not so much. In my opinoin computers are a great @CAPS2 technology. One way computers benefits our society is ability to access ample information, pictures, and news. Also you can chat with @CAPS2 or old friends. Another good thing about computers is you can also have fun on the web, watch movies, even go shopping. Have you ever done a report on on a far away country? Maybe you've never heard of @LOCATION2 or @CAPS2 @CAPS3. So wat do you do? Serch the web! Instead of taking a walk to the libriary just serch one of the many serch engines such @CAPS1 @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS4, @ORGANIZATION2 or @CAPS5! @PERCENT1 of people nowadays have at least one maybe two computers in their household. @PERCENT2 of people can access the web on their cell phone! Can you believe this? Pictures are also accessable on the web. You could @CAPS12 just about anything in the picture search engine. Have you ever wandered about current events in our country or others? On certain cites you can live newsfeeds or an article about something @CAPS2 such @CAPS1 the earthquake in @LOCATION4 that recently happended. The internet is benefitting our society today. Aim is just one of many private chat rooms that is avalible to people. On these open chat rooms you can talk to people that are thousands of miles away. ""I was on @CAPS6 looking for my friend @CAPS7 and I found her page before this year we didn'@CAPS8 talk @CAPS1 much but now we can talk through face book we hangout and talk all the time!"" comments @LOCATION3 avid @CAPS6 user. Dating cites are now avalible, too. There you can meet @CAPS2 people a develope a relationship with them. Entertainment is everywhere on the internet. You can play a variety of games, watch missed episodes of your favorite @CAPS8.V show, streame live movies, watch viddeos on @CAPS9, and much more! Many people think there are only pointless games on the comuter but there are educational fun games @CAPS1 well such @CAPS1 @CAPS10, @CAPS11, and @CAPS12 to learn. Did you know that more than @PERCENT3 of shopping for clothes car parts and other things are bought an auction such @CAPS1 ebay and amazon? I recall a time when my dad and I was going to see or movie but we weren'@CAPS8 sure wat was playing or what times they started at. So we simply looked on the cinema's website. So now you now where I stand on the issue of computers. Computers are a great reference point, can allow you to chat with"	5	5	10
278	"Dear town @CAPS1 paper, I would have to pick being for computers. There are a couple reasons why I'm for computers and they are being able to talk to friends online, being able to learn stuff, and you can also play video games. One reason that I would be for computers is so you can talk to freinds online. So if you have a facebook or myspace you can talk to your friends all day if you wanted to. What I mean is simply by typing in what you want to say to your friend they will receive those exacte words then they'll reply. For example if you wanted to just say hi then your friend would look at his/hers messages then just reply. So being able to talk to friends online is one example why I for computers. Another reason that I would be all for computers is being able to learn things. So if you wanted to learn a language then you would go to google or something and try to find a fast easy site. What I mean is if you goto google a whole bunch of site's will come up, so what you want to do is find the fastest easyest site for you. So being abe to learn important things like a language is another reason I'm for computers. The last reason for me picking computers is because you can play video games. What I mean is if you were borde and noone to talk to then you can get on your computer and play a mind numbing game or an educational game for class. For example in science class we played a game on the computer and it had to do with gravity and that was what we were learning about so it was an educatinola game. So that is the last reason why I'm for computers. I'm for computer because you can play games. So now you know why I'm all for computers. I am for computers because you can talk to friends online, learn stuff and play video games."	4	4	8
279	"Dear trained readers, @CAPS1't you agree that more and more people use computers. Well I @CAPS2 because it gives us the information we want to see. Recently it has been brought to my attention that some people agree that some people @CAPS3 themselves don't really use computers. Without a dout I firmly believe that people that dont use computers should start to use them. but I can understand why same people don't use computers. Maybe they dont know how to use one have better things to @CAPS2, or can't afford one. First of @CAPS5, they dont know how to use one. I remember when my friend was over and I was on a computer. and he @CAPS4 ""@CAPS2 you know that some people don't know how to use an computer?"" And I @CAPS4 ""@CAPS3 who?"" the @CAPS4 ""@CAPS3 me, I dont know to use one."" I @CAPS4 well I'll teach you. Since then @CAPS5 my friend does is go on the computer. One day he says to me because of I want to work with computers. this is one of my reasons why people don't use computers. Second of @CAPS5, have better things to @CAPS2. @MONTH1 be someone has a game. for example, I mostly have how time to go on the computer. Usually I have a basketball game or practice I get home from practice and feel exhausled, @CAPS5 I want to @CAPS2 is go to @CAPS6. why parents come have not wanting to @CAPS2 anything. I'll tell you why. Because @CAPS5 that haved They @CAPS2 @CAPS5 day. This is another one of my reasons why people dont use computers. Third of @CAPS5 can't afford one. Some people dont have a lot of money to buy a computer. They have to say it. so they can live in a house. When parent's children asle for something parents shoudn't buy it. They buy it so you dont feel hurt. When I'm a @CAPS7 im going to make sure I have enough money to buy it. If not then I guess that child is out of luck. So dont be going where bragging your computer because some can't afford one. This is my last reason why people don't use computers. this is why some people don't use computers now in days. Because they dont know how to use one, have something better to @CAPS2 and can't afford one. By the way; @PERCENT1 of the pupils of @ORGANIZATION1 dont have computers."	4	4	8
280	"Dear local newspaper, People spend to much time on the computer. Instead of exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with real people they sit down and play games and watch music or movies on the computer. There fore I do not agree with people who say computers benifit the society. @LOCATION1, @LOCATION1, @LOCATION1. A lot of peoples skin is jiggily and fat because of computers. @CAPS5 you @MONTH1 ask? People sit in front of there computers all day when they could spend that time exercising, my dad got extremly over weight when we got a new computer. All he did was sit and play games like @CAPS1 wars or @CAPS2. I couldn't beleive @CAPS5 fat he got so my mom told him and now instead of playing on the computer he goes to the gym. You wouldn't beleive @CAPS5 much weight he lost. Also did you know that america is one of the fatist countrys because people don't exercize and just play on ther laptops and computers. So it would help america alot to stop playing softwear and start exersizing. So many people miss out on the butiful works of nature. The cool relaxing air at the beach is much nicer than a dark stuffy room with just the glow of a computer. There's so much to discover so much to be explored. So yes you could find the gisers in yellow stone online but it's nothing like seeing in real life. If there were computers back in the early @DATE1's people would never had the earge to find new land, you don't hear of many great explorers now do you? I bet if every one took a break from computer new spicies would be found or maybe even a cure for canser. Who knows what you can do if you step out of the box and into the buitful part of nature. ""@CAPS3 come down and talk to your grand parents."" ""@CAPS4 mom I'm playing on the computer!"" @CAPS5 many times has this happend to you? Has your son or daughter been on the computer with great @PERSON1 has been over? They @MONTH1 have wanted to play the computer then but they don't know if thats could have been there last day with him or her. Computer will be here forever or almost forever, peoples time is limited. There fore hanging out with a relitive is much more imortant than playing on the computer. I know a kid named @PERSON2 who was playing on the computer when his friend called and invited him over. @PERSON2 said @CAPS4. His friend was so disiponded and angry. I would be too. Whould you like to have a friend pick computer over you? I'd hope not. There fore computers hurt and are not as good as real people. In conclusion qualiy time with people, nature, and exercize is more important than a glowing box. I hope you agree the computers do not always help society."	5	5	10
281	"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 home computers is a good thing for many reasons. One reason is because people can use computers to learn about other countries and people. People can also use computers to type and save paper. Also, people can use computers to talk to people living close or far away from you. Finally, computers can save paper by replacing books. One @MONEY1 the most important reasons why people need computers is because computers can help you learn about and research other things going on in the world. If a student needs to research a country and write a paper about it for school, it is much easier and faster to use a computer than to look through a textbook.Computers are also better and faster than a textbook if you want to know more about a person or a culture. Using computers to type are also faster than writing a paper. Using a computer can save time and money when it comes to typing a paper. When you are typing a paper, you don't have to worry about @CAPS1 handwriting or breaking your pencil. You also don't have to worry abut spelling something wrong because computers can check you spelling and grammar. What you are writting a paper you have in about all @MONEY1 these problems and more. You also have to spend money on pencils and other writting suppplies. Computers also saved people @MONEY1 becase they didn't need to buy paper to make textbooks. Computers also evolved how people can communicate with each other. Before computers were invented, you couldn't talk to people in other countries unless you paid to use a phone or sent them mail. Now, you can send instant mail which saves days @MONEY1 time and paper. You can also use webcams to talk to family members and people you don't know. That can save you a lot @MONEY1 money because you don't have to pay money for postage stamps, phone calls, or plane rides to visit them. Those are some @MONEY1 the best reasons why @CAPS1 a home computer is better than not @CAPS1 one. A home computer can save you time when you want to research a country, person, or culture. They can save you money because you don't have to buy postage stamps, pay for phone calls, or pay for plane rides to visit someone from a different state or country. Computers also help save paper because you no longer need to make large textbooks or use a different price @MONEY1 paper when you make a writting mistake."	5	4	9
282	"It is my opinion that computers are not completly bad for people, computers can also be good for people. For example computer allow people to communicate in seconds. From around the well, and computers open up new information to anyone. But a major advantage is that people spent so much time on the computer, that they don't get any exercise. Firstly, computers are good thing because they allow news and infirmation to get to the whole world in seconds. Very recently during the war in the @LOCATION1, news reporters were not allowed into towns and cities where a user uses being fought. Every day social messaging sites like @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 brought news to the world through cell phone videos and pictures that wouldn't have been seen by the world had it not been for computers and the internet. Secondly, computers allow people to gain knowledge in a matter of minutes on topic the sun. For example if you need information on the country in the you can finf it with a computer. If you need a recepie for an @CAPS3 desert look it up with a computer. If you would like to know what the weather will be like, you can look it up with a computer. With a computer the knowledge of the world can be found by anyone. Lastly, the leading argument against is the people don't get enough exercise because they are always on the computer. The people computers say that people will because a thier computer that will the lives these arguments can be the overwhelming of heavy computer users do get enough exercise A recent status that among the internet average grade of A or better, who also do at least With this information the argument In conclusion, computers are not completly good or completly bad for society. Their strong points are communication and the ability to gain knowledge quickly. The main downside is that a minority of computer user don't get enough exercise. It is my opinion that computers are good for and the pres definitily outway the care."	4	4	8
283	"Dear @CAPS1 man, @CAPS2 would you want people to be on a computer all day doing nothing? How would you feel if no one was out getting excrise, and no one was using the playgrounds, parks and beachs. Everyone will be sitting at home on there nice new fanny computers. When you really do think about how much time people spend doing nothing, just sitting around, @CAPS2 would a computer solve that problem? It really @CAPS4't. This is what I would say to having computers, People spend to much time on computers, excrise is needed, everyday, and it makes your body wear and your eyes strained. When it comes to computers everyone wants to get one, but when we say excrise it seems like peoples mind click off. This happens because people are really starting to spend lots of time on computers. If they work on computers during a long period of the day, @CAPS5 head home to spend more time on the computer, @CAPS5 whats that doing to your body? not helping it. I like computers to and I like spending time on them, when i need to get something done sometime that doesn't happen, because I get and I forget what time it is and that's not fun. Sometime this happens to people they are engaged in there computer, when someone is talking to them and your telling them something you need them to do, and there noding there head like they know what you sayed, but the next time you asked if it got done and it didn't, you know they were listening. Excrise is really important for your body and doens't even have to be to got anything, but don't spend your time wasted on computers. This happens to @NUM1 to @NUM2 or families when they come home from work or school, and jump right on the computers, families are not getting enough excrise or spending time with family because computers get in the way of that. Excrise would help to keep you instead of electronics. Computers are like little robots that control your mind and body, it sucks the life cut of you. It strains your eyes it makes you wrat and you really dont want to do a lot, maybe if people spend less time on computers and more time being more focused on families and nature, they @CAPS4't be weak and tired. I know a lot of people who @CAPS4't want computers to be banned, but I think it would help for a lot of reasons and make families closer and bodys more focused, from my experience computers do help in some ways, but when it comes to real life it helps for really no one. i hope you understand @CAPS2 I say these sort of things, but if you do care about health and activities @CAPS5 you would say that computers are not a lot of help also."	5	4	9
284	"Dear local newspaper @CAPS1 I think that kid's should be alowed to go on here computers. So they can talk to there relitives across. The @CAPS5 @CAPS2 they want to. I have family members in @LOCATION1. I talk to them evry day because I have a laptop and they say that. I have relitives in @LOCATION3 I belive them because I have there email. They told me about my mother living in @LOCATION2. So I asked her she seaid yes that is true and I looked up were my mom lived. Thanks to computer also I learned that @LOCATION3 has one of the @CAPS3 @CAPS4 in The @CAPS5. So I asked my mom @CAPS2 I can go to @LOCATION3 she said yes. So I went with my sister and we even visited are family members and the @CAPS6 point I can tell you it looked exacly how. I pichered very tall coverd with trees. Birds @CAPS7, scwerwels climing trees the thing, that surprised me the most was there was a house on top of the mountine. For sale I wished that my mom was thier because she will love it. So ever time we go down there we rent that house thanks to the computers. Lastly you can even look up people on the internet. I herd that criss rock almost died. So when I got home I went on my laptop and looked it up so I did and it said nothing about. That but it did say one thing that surprised me. The most it seaid that he was geting a divorce. From his wife I think the peorson how said. That he almost died most of missed read it. So now I look up all my fraverit people. Thanks to computers the time is now to accet @CAPS2 people should have computers to use to lern about the @CAPS5 or just think what everyone sayes. So I hope you make a good chouse. But befor you choose think about it."	4	4	8
285	"@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 computers were invented they have grown so much, which make a lot @ORGANIZATION1 people use them more. More and More people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society. Those who suffort advances in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people, but there are negative effects too. I believe that computers are a negative effect on people vecause people spend too much time on computer; not exercising, there are many dangers, and less interacting with family and friends. First @ORGANIZATION1 all, a negative effect computers have on people is that they spend too much time on the computer and that leads to less exercise. Recently, @CAPS3 spoke to a local @CAPS2 about this issue and she spoke out, "@CAPS3 have one family computer and my son is the one who is always on it right after school to late at night." This shows that many children are on a computer too much. I have to input that I personally sit on my computer at times and not even realize two hours past. I try to cut back on my computer times, but it doesn't really work out. Sitting on the computer for hours everyday is also looking exercise. The hours used up on the computer could be the time in which you are exercising. someone's health is very important now. Spending too much time on the computer and not getting exercise is a major negative effect computers have on people. Secondly, the most concern parents have @ORGANIZATION1 computers are the many dangers, which is another negative effect it has on people. Recently the new biggest site is facebook. So many people are addicted to it. Though, it isn't that safe all the time. Another new thing is oovoo or skype, which allows you to talk to someone with webcam. There could be a time when a teen "meets" someone on-line and agree to do things on the webcam for someone they don't really know to see. These sites aren't safe, and knowing youngs they can in danger. @CAPS3 spoke to some researchers about this and they would agree that these sites are @PERCENT1 dangerous to young teens. All these dangerous risks as another negative effect computers have on people. Lastly, another negative effect computers have on people is there is less interactions with family and friends. Instead @ORGANIZATION1 getting together with a friend people just go on the computer to talk. That isn't the same as an actual get together. I actually enjoy family parties. Seeing all my aunts, uncles, and cousins it so much better and fun. I do e-mail my family and friends when I don't see them, but I get excited when @CAPS3 have get togethers. Now a day it's not like that for a lot @ORGANIZATION1 people. Many people work long times and spend too much time on the computer, which takes time away from interacting with others, and that should be more important. The computer also, negatively effects people with interacting with family and friends. In conclusion, I see computers as a negative effect on people. Computers make people spend a lot @ORGANIZATION1 time have dangerous risks, and take away interaction time. I strongly suggest you look over my terms."	5	5	10
286	"Man has always been interested in technology. Computers are just one part. I think that computers have a positive effect on people. They teach hand eye coordination, saves trees, and allows people to learn about everything. Hand-eye coordination is a key part in our every day lives. Driving a car or writting all invile hand-eye coordination. I remember a few years ago I didn't have a great hand-eye coordination I had trouble catching a ball. Now days I spend up to on hour and a half on the computers. I have noticed my hand get neater and I can catch a balls with ease now. Do you want to be the one to crash your car because you have bad hand-eye coordination? Computers not only increase your hand-eye coordination they save trees too. Using a computer dosn't need any paper. You can read and write with out using a single sheet of paper. Since the computer @PERCENT1 of tree cutting has stopped. Saving trees help us stay alive. Trees put out the oxegyn that we breath in. Some say that computers are causing people to spend less time enjoying nature. I think that if it wasn't for computers we wouldn't have much nature to enjoy anyway. Lastly computer help people all around the world learn about almost anything. I scince kid, the head scientist says that ""with the computer we are able to toll the world of our discoveries much."" @CAPS1. @PERSON1 say ""@CAPS2 many people are laying had their die to the computer, they learn @CAPS2 many nutrition facts from the health sites"". Thanks to the computer we found a doctor to help my dad get fixed. The average people can learn about non average things any day. There are even dictionarys on the internet with many diffent translations that you would normily need about @NUM1 books to do. The computer is one of the greatest techlonagicly advances to this day. It has help our world is @CAPS2 many different ways too. Hand-eye coordination is @CAPS2 important and is preserving our environment. If you don't have knowledge you cant get anywhere in life. Our whole world senses is. "	4	4	8
287	"People the computer is something good and cool. Why is cool? is cool because the computer help you in everything. I have reasons. The first reasons is when in your school you have homework, work, project or something like that the computer help you a lot. Because in the computer you can sign in internet and you go to google or other web side. The second reason is the computer help you in your house for example: You have the big problem with your car or something like that. You can go in the computer in @LOCATION1 and the you see the pieces of your car. The thrid reason for the computer is so cool is because in this time you can make the everything thing. We can go the web and facilitate our life. Now you can realize the work, homework, project, ideas, writting book, chat, information, print picture, and ect... And that you are architect you can make your proper work or house you see the computer is so cool. But some people use the computer for bad thing for example: for pornography or something bad this is not cool and is not appropiate for people. The computer is something fabolous and super genius. My opinion is that the computer help a lot is something like need in our life. No for live but for our life or something @CAPS1. Something you can see your family for webcam. This is fabolous but don't used the webcam for something bad you can learn thing that you don't know. I think that for this reason you used the computer for good thing. Appraise the computer. Please."	4	4	8
288	"The use of computers is great for everyone. Using a computer can help you learn about different people from around the world. Also you can have the ability to talk to people. With a computer you can also learn about places all over the @LOCATION1 and the world. With a computer everyone can learn about people all over. If you were going on a vacation to somewhere in @LOCATION2 you could learn about what those people do. Also you can see what people your age do for a living. If you had to do a project for school about a place outside of the @LOCATION1 the computer would help a lot. You can search what thet wear and what holdays those people celebrate. Learning about people will help you make friends to. if a foreign exchange person comes to your school you can search about their culture and talk to than about it. While using a computer you can also talk to people. With the use of @CAPS1 or A.I.M you can talk to your friends easily. You can ask them what homework you had if you weren't in dschool. You can also become better well friends with people you didn't know that wll, by saying hello, or how was your day. You can also email. If you meet someone you made friends with on vacation you can email them. You can also go to websites where you can talk to people in other countris. If you have a webcamyou can even video chat, and ask them questions about their country, or what they like. Also you can videochat with all yor friends to. Using a computer you can learn about places arounf the world. If you were going to a place ypu didn't know, you could look up the amazing resraurants, you could also look up fun things to do with the family. If you needed to do a projecct you can look up what the weather is like, and what the people do. if you wanted to help out a country that just had an earthquake or hurricane you could look up what you could do to help that country. Those three reasons are why compujters are essential to people. You can learn about different people, talk to your friends, and you can search and learn about different places arounf the world."	5	4	9
289	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 I believe it is true many people use computers and that many more will use them in the future. Computers are a standard of the buissnes world and are hevily depended on. People are even needing internet access on cellphones to stay up to date on stocks, shipments and important emails. Some computers are also just for at home use and are used to contact family members and find information that you @MONTH1 need instantly or wouldn't be able to find any were. Computers are still developing and are becoming faster and better day after day and most likely will never be put out of use but then does not mean they will permanently restrict you from othere activeties. It is true some people do spend to much time on computer but not everyone does, some people work from home computer and can not help being on it because it is their job. I implore you to consider the resonse computers are used so much and to understand that computers are used to help not hurt people. Computers are very helpfull in simplying things and are very useful for information. I stand strong with the use of computers and strongly disagree that they negatively affect hte way of human life. Computers do th things people would normaly not do for example someone would not go and look up every thing he or she needs to know in a look because there be only certain facts there looking for and it would also be easy to compare and contrast information on a computer rather than reading several diferent books. So if you truly think about it computers save us a tremendus amount of time with the things we do. Once again I say ""computers better owe life not hurt it."""	4	4	8
290	"To whom it @MONTH1 concern: I think computers have a great effect on people. Computers are useful for homework, it allows you to keep in touch with out of state family, you can also look up direction and information to a place. Computers are good for last minute situations. Computers are very useful for homework because when you type a report it looks more professial. While you type a report you can also research on your project at the same time. In some cases there are people who write very slappy to a paint where he or she cannot read his own writing nor can a teacher. A sloppy writer can use the computer to make his or her paper neat. If a child or parent cannot go to the library for some reason they can use their computer at home. If you are a parent at home busy with kids and need to do work; there's no need to go anywhere stay home and use your computer. If a child is absent from school you can go to the school's website and find out the homework. Do you have out of state family you wish to talk to? If so wouldn't you want to be a able to talk to them without a expensive phonebill? A majority of people would say yes. Using the computer to keep touch with family is not so expensive at all! Some examples are aim, emails, and other networks and they don't cast money at all its free. When there's a day you have nothing to do, don't you just want to go somewhere for fun? Don't you want to do something just to get out of the house? Well if there's a last minute decision or situation the computers there to help. Before you go somewhere and you want know a little more go on the computers. Not only will you get information on the place you can also get directions. Now you can go somewhere instead of staying home bored. In conclusion, computers do have a great effect on people. It can be useful to both adults and children. Teachers can calculate students averages easier and faster and children can do their homework efficiently. You can also keep in touch with friends. Overall computers are useful."	4	4	8
291	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, @CAPS4 you look on a map of your effect all you see is computers everywhere. A map of the town compouters everywhere the state, the country, and even the world all you see are computers everywhere. @CAPS8 need to shut down these computers so @CAPS8 can start excersising, enjoying nature, and interacting with our families. It's times to finally help the world soldiers. Men, @CAPS4 you look around what do you see. Nothing but obesity. These so called computers are causing this why, look over there. There's @CAPS5. He used to weigh over @NUM1 pounds. All he did was use that blasted electrical error @CAPS8 call a computer. One day he realized he could do this no longer, and got same exercise. After only a year @CAPS5 just wayed @NUM2 pounds. You see, a man named @PERSON1, who's a doctor, computer expert, and wrote their books on exercise, nature and family, says, "" @CAPS7 people would shut off their computers and use the gym, over @PERCENT1 of @LOCATION1's obesity would drop. ""@CAPS8 must stop the madness men. Soldiers, do you know what's really a share about the enemy @CAPS8're fighting? It's causing people to miss out on this beautiful nature. You know @PERSON1 says that over @PERCENT2 of people will never go in nature @CAPS7 they get a computer. They don't know what their missing out on. I can picture it now the freshly plump hanging from the full bush of soring green. The mosuelous waterfall that shines @CAPS4 it off into a creek.The full dark scenary majestic. Lets not forget the lalaby of the crickets and owls putting you in a deep slumber under the staggering oak trees. This, soldiers, is what @CAPS8 need to get people hooked on not time consuming electronics. Men, do you want to know the solders part of this war? The hostages of the computer can't even sped time with their families. They're so busy on @CAPS9, @CAPS10, and other death comps that the real things important our alone. My friend @PERSON2 was one of the captives of the computer. He escaped just in time to stop one of his kids from going to an illegal party. Ever sence then, @PERSON2 has put his family before anything. Other families arn't us lucky though. In fact have @PERSON1 says that @PERCENT3 of families with copmuters have no communication and end up splitting up. The computers have gone to far now. Not only did they mess up people's lives, but their family too. This was must end now. Do you see our future now? It's filled with the computers on top. @CAPS8're their slaves @CAPS4 @CAPS8 come at their call. They won't let us excersise to shape, see the beatiful lands of nature,or spend time with our families so @CAPS8 can keep it together. This is why @CAPS8're fighting this is why were here will you join us?"	4	4	8
292	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @DATE1, everywhere you look technology is being exercised and it is beneficial to many aspects in our lives @DATE1. Many engineers strive to improve on technologic devices popularity, while others use it in communicate or relax. study conducted by @ORGANIZATION2 university, the computer is the most largely operated machine. The computer positively contributes to our education, economy, and entertainment. As i mentioned before the computer is beneficial to our education. An example of this is the school i attend, middle school. Here at we have over @NUM1 computers in use throughout the school day. These computers help the students complete research papers, typed assignments and other teacher requirement papers. By using the computer to complete research papers students save hours of scanning through books in the library and money on reading books. In addition, computers teachers in organizing files and entering grades online so students can check their. This is beneficial considering the amount of and assignments graded each week. Moreover, a computer called the ""parent portal"" allows the students to stay connected with school events that would not be mentioned otherwise in all, computer are way of. Besides education computers touch upon our economy as well. Now, due to the wide variety of computer selection, a computer is affordable, starting at prices as low as sixty dollars! This is a positive aspect of the computer because currently the has been enduring the economy since the depression in the. Consequently, the reason has made families start to cut many useful technologe devices out of the. However, since the price of computers decreased purchase have stimulating. Also, the computer has mainly improved methods of. Instead of listening to a cd player you can download listen to while chatting online with friends. This is very helpful for last-minute plan changes, because for those who do not own a telephone, communication @MONTH1 be, negatively affecting your time of entertainment. In addition, children can use internet in order to play games to take that mind off of a hard day at school, or an adult's rough work computersin producing the you watch at home on the couch and the videogame you ordered off of ebay. From facebook and myspace, to and ""gone with the wind."" Computers create a relaxing entertainment opportunity."	6	5	11
293	"Computers are very enchanced pieces of machinery. With this high-@CAPS7 object comes knowledge of many different places and what is happening around the world. Next, typing is a universal way of writing that is much faster than hand-writen pieces. Lastly, @CAPS5 is a convenient and fun way to relieve stress by interacting with other users around the world. These are thousands of news sbrics, evey day of the year that do not ultimately get coverd because of limited are time on news channels. To quickly and simply get your news from around the world you can visit a website and lock at hundreds of stories at the click of a button. To add to that, you will get more in-depth news for these is no limit on room or space on the website. These will even be areas on the website to donate to the that need assistance. patrick @PERSON3, founder of the @CAPS1 @CAPS2, stated"", @CAPS4 bring in billions at dollars in aid to people who otherwise would be in deep trouble, and the main source of all of this money is from internet websites.""@CAPS3 the internet, millions of people would not even know about these people who desprately need help. Typing is a quick and fairly simple way to write, that saves people valuable time. Teaches often assign writing homework, which takes about twice as long to hand-write other than type. Using typing would save you this time and allow you to continue on with other important tasks that are needed to be completed. Furthermore, typing is a mandatory class for many freshmen and previous experience is very helpful to the teachers and students. ""@CAPS4've had many students,""says typing intruder @PERSON2, and the ones that excel not only get an 'A', but also cut there homework time in half. Stress is a common problem in all age groups, and a computer is the best way to releive @CAPS5. Interactive game with people around the world will broaden your specturm to other cultures. You way use your typingskills to talk with others, and share your opinions with them.""@CAPS5 @MONTH1 seem a shock,"" says @PERSON1 at @CAPS6 @CAPS7"", but people who use computers an hour a day are much more culturaly advanced that the others.""To add to that, you can use video chat to talk to people in foreign areas. Friends, family, and exchange students are able to talk and see you through video chat. This greatly reduces parent stay of their children living in a foreign country.Many people"	5	4	9
294	"Dear @LOCATION1 @CAPS1, @CAPS2 are high tech devises that allow us to connect with friends and family in other places like france or @LOCATION2, allow us to research new information, perhaps for a school project in school project in school and even play addicting games, Computers have moderized our life, and it's affect on human being is dispicable. We have taken these simple devices to far and haven't used them in moderation. Did you know that at least an hour @MONEY1 exercise is needed everyday? Well @CAPS3 from all over the world are not getting enough exercise because @MONEY1 computers. Parents hard earned money is being wasted away on these extremely expensive computers, they can pay anywhere from @NUM1! What a waist @MONEY1 money! @PERCENT1 @MONEY1 kidnappings are caused because @MONEY1 to much information on the internet, do you want that for your child. Computers were once helpful devices that have now turned in to @CAPS4 worping machines. @PERCENT2 @MONEY1 the world's @CAPS3 are obese today. Why are they abese you ask? @CAPS3 are growing fast they are meant in be active and playful and without any active sport like dancing nor basketball they are going to grow big. Kid's spend as much a @NUM2 hours a day on a @CAPS2, and not keeping active, @CAPS2 pull kid's in like a magnet. This obsessive @CAPS2 time leaves no time to keep healthy active and fit. I remember one time when one @MONEY1 my friends, @PERSON1 got a new computerShe wouldn't come out and play basketball with us anymore she just stayed inside. Eventually saly became obese and got diabetes. Parents is this what you want for your @CAPS3? Do you want to pay for a machine that makes your @CAPS3 extremley whealthy? Times are tough, money is tight and electronics are expensive. A @CAPS2 can cost anywhere from @MONEY4 TO EVEN @MONEY3 that is a ton @MONEY1 money. Parents work hard hours, for exampe @NUM3 that is a long day and probably dont make enough money to be waisting it on a @CAPS2. An average houshold spends @MONEY2 on computers in a lifetime. Do you really want to be buying your @CAPS3 a machine that costs an outragous amount @MONEY1 money that will only make your @CAPS3 unhealthy and pull them away from their sports? I remember when my mom bught me a new @CAPS2 for @NUM4 dolllars and the next day it broke. What a waist @MONEY1 money. Help your @CAPS3, don't buy a @NUM2,000 dollar @CAPS2, keep your @CAPS3 active and healthy. Make sure your green stays in your wallet. Hey, a small window pops up you screen. Who are you, you respond in an voice, @CAPS7, your freind @CAPS8's friend says the little window. You respond with an @CAPS7 hi, hey you want to come over, it's the cook thing, @CAPS9 ok you respond. What's wrong with this situation? Well a lot @MONEY1 things are but this happens to @PERCENT3 @MONEY1 online chatters. Just remember online you can be whoever you wont to be you could be only ten, but say your @NUM6. So many @CAPS3 are kidnapped because @MONEY1 online chatting. You can talk to your @CAPS3 all. you want but it doesn't mean thy won't be in that situation. The less time your child spends on the @CAPS2 the less chance will have @MONEY1 being kidnapped, The @CAPS2 is so dangerous, would you ever put your child in danger. Computers used to be helpful devices full @MONEY1 information, enjoyment and talks with aunt's uncles, and even your friend @PERSON2. Now these computers have transformed into pursuading boxes full @MONEY1 hamful side affects. Do you want your child feeling the wind in their ears the sound @MONEY1 their heart pumping vigurously and the smell @MONEY1 grass on do you want them to experience the bright screen in their eyes and the thrill @MONEY1 just beating level @NUM7? Do you want to spend @MONEY1 on unhealthy contraptions? and lastly do you want your @CAPS3 put in danger by simply just using a @CAPS2 at home. Computers are @CAPS4 morphing devices that take away @CAPS3's points in life. Do you want thet for them."	6	5	11
295	"Dear Newspaper editor, I think that computers are @CAPS1 for everyone. First of all, you can learn about places that are around the world in a click. Also, you can communicate with friends and family. Finally, it makes your life so much easier. Here are some reasons why you should get a computer for your family. First, you can learn about things you didn't even know were real, in an instant. You can learn about ancient civilizations, different cultures, and different recipes for tonights dinner. you can get help in school work also. If you need to learn about the @CAPS1 @CAPS2 of @LOCATION1, all you have to do is type in it. If you need to learn your multiplication table, you type it in and it will show up in the matter of seconds. The internet is @CAPS1 for searching up all types of things. Secondly, you can talk to your family members and friends on the internet. Ive heard a lot of people saying people need to spend more time with their family. So on the computer you can talk to someone in @LOCATION2, and evrywhere else. Its like a pen pal but you don't waste money buying envelopes and stamps to send a letter. computers cost a lot of many but it is worth it. You can do almost evrything on the computer. Lastly, if you get a computer it makes your life so much easier. Instead of going to the library and getting a cook book, you can type in dinner recipies for chicken. Your computer will come up with hundreds of different ways to make a @CAPS1 chicken for dinner. You can tell a friend that you cant it to there party. Also, teaches you homework that you did. if you buy a computer your life would be more relaxing. In conclusion, you should buy a computer. If you do you will learn so many things. Its like having a book with everything you will every need or want to know. This is why computers are good to have and be on for a reasonable amount of time. "	5	4	9
296	"Dear local Newspaper, This is a letter about how I feel about the effects of computers. I think computers are great you can, interact with family and friends, learn about things going on around the world, and it could help you with school work. First I would like to say that you can interact with family and friends. You can just go on facebook, @CAPS1, or,myspace and talk, send pics, and comment on other peoples things. There are many groups you can join too, wich allows you to talk to other people and meet new friends. You can also interact with your family if they have a facebook or @CAPS1. The second reason why computers are not bad is because that there are many websites that you can find different information like science, math, history and all that kind of stuff. There are alot of different topics you can learn. You can find information from the weather to where your family history comes from. My last reasoning for thinking this way is that many kids do their homework on computers and if people are saying that computers are bad than the parents are not going to allow them to use the computer for educational purposes like homework and projects. There are many other reason why computers have a positive effects of people. But interacting with family and friends, learning about things around the world and your education depends on computers."	4	4	8
297	"Dear officials at the @ORGANIZATION1, have you ever been so bored that you spent the whole day on the computer talking to friends and relatives? Some experts are saying that computers are having a negative effect on people in our society. While others argue that they are very helpful. the use of computers has been taken to an extreme level, and is having a negative effect on the community. Some reasons I feel this way are because of the social limit computors are putting on people and the amount of time people spend on them. My last reason is that computers are the general health of people today. People should be educated on the negative effects computers bring! Firstly, computers are greatly changing the way people communicate. Instead of talking to people communicate. Instead of talking to people face-to-face, teenagers and adults find themselves '@CAPS1"" or ""@CAPS2"" their friends and colleges. This is causing many bad-habit forming. People are it more to talk to physically, and might even be using terms like ""@CAPS3"" and ""@CAPS4"" instead of works. This problem is causing a huge gap in the social-wonangs of humans, and is harming them more know! Secondly, the amount of time wasted on the computer is unbelieveable! If someone logged onto the computer to search a fact or ""@CAPS5"" something, they might get caught up in other programs and spend hours on the computor. This time could have been used for more productive things instead. A recent polls shows that that average person from ages @NUM1 spreads over two hours on the computer each day! This fact is quite amazing, because these people could have been getting more things accomplished in this time. The amount of time wastedon computers is a huge problem that needs to change! Lastly, humans' health is being affected drastically by the use or computers. As the obesity rate is rising, these people are just sitting on their computors watching it go up. During this time, they could be exercising, going to the gym, or even taking a walk with friends. Teenagers could be playing outdoors, but find themselves too busy on their computors to enjoy the fresh air. Whenever I talk to my friends, they usually say they are on facebook or oovoo instead of outside or playing with their siblings. The obesity rate will keep rising if these people don't realize that staying on computers all day long is a part of the problem! In conclusion, the use of computers has gotten to a point where it is hurting society, rather than it I feel this way because of the social-flow it is teaching people, and the amount of time wasted on computers. Another major reason is because of the extreme health issues computers are. If the average person tried! to limit the time they use their computers, they would notice a positive in their life-style!"	5	6	11
298	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 people find the clicking and clacking of computers a nuscense. What they don't realize is thay are helping the youths lives and making them easier and they could be doing the same for them. This is why computers have a very good effect on people. First off computers arn't a bad thing if they are just helping people get to know each other better. You always see ad's for dating websites and other things like that. Did you know that @PERCENT1 of couples meet online. Thats a lot and to think they would have never if it wern't for computers. Second of all computers provide a tremendous amount of entertainment. There are over @NUM1 on computer games online. @CAPS2 of them are free too. I bet almost every kids has played a game on the internet before. Think about it your child could be out getting in trouble or be nice and safe at home playing on the computer. You are probably thinking, computers sound so childish and infantile. Well computers arn't just fun and games. They provide a lot of information. They are very useful for teens in school for projects, but they benefit adults in many ways too. It provides information on vacations, hotels, ext. Also computers now have videos all over on how to do things like how to and other useful information. So as you can see computers arn't just a pain. They help bring people together, provide entertainment and have very useful information. Think about it. A computer might save your life one day. Computers help peoples every day lives and they could be helping yours."	4	4	8
299	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, The question is close too much computer time cause people to interact less with their surroundings? In my opinion, no computers definitely don't make people lazy and less interactive with others aroud them. First, I think that computers can sometimes make you smarter. I mean you can read about history, world news and you can research many different topics. I remember when I was younger I would love to learn about the @CAPS1. I use to search it all the time and I made a poster project for fun. Thanks to the computer I got accurate information. A survey conducted by the @CAPS2 school social studies teacher shows that @PERCENT1 of their students used teh computers to find facts for school projects. @PERCENT2 out of that @PERCENT1 end up getting better grades. Famous psycologist @PERSON2 says that ""kids and students learn more when they are on the computer researching or @CAPS7 new things."" I know you @MONTH1 be thinking that too much internet is unhealthy for people but mostly syudents. But at @ORGANIZATION1 it a good source of @CAPS7 for them. Therefore the computer helps teach everyone facts and many stays on whats going on around the world. Second, people can interact with family and friends online. i mean there's @CAPS3 where people can socialize with their families who live out of state. I remember when I was in @NUM1 grade I made a new friend and she moves to @LOCATION1 in the @DATE1 after @NUM2 grade. I keep in touch with her on @CAPS3. A survey conducted by student council at that @PERCENT3 of students had someone they know and love move away out of state @PERCENT4 out of taht @PERCENT3 keep in touch by email or @CAPS3. Famous scientist @ORGANIZATION2 says, ""People who keep in touch with family and friends tend to stay happy and not become depressed."" I know you @MONTH1 be thinking that people don't need to keep in touch with their families all the time but it makes them happier. Therefore people need computers so they can keep in touch with their families. Third, you can learn new exercise, moves or tricks. I mean you can do new exercise, train for dance competition or learn new magic tricks for you magic show. I remember when I wanted to learn how to twirl a balon between my fingers I went and found a video of someone teaching step by step on how to do it. its easier now. A survey conducted by @CAPS5 muscles @CAPS6 shows that @PERCENT5 of their @CAPS6 members get stronger and more fit by @CAPS7 new exercises. Famous athlete @PERSON1 says ""@CAPS7 new exercises online helps me stay fit for my games"". I know you @MONTH1 be thinking taht they can just go to someone to teach them BUT no one wants to pay money for something you can get free online. Therefore, @CAPS7 new exercises, moves or tricks online can help them out a lot. To conclude, does too much computer time cause people to interact less with their surroundings? No, it helps them learn, socialize with family and friends and they can get in shape with the new exercise that they learn from how to videos."	5	5	10
300	"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 opinion for using ""too much"" computer time is an outrage. I think people should have more ideas. Such as as exercise, socialize with family and friends, and lastly, ""you time"" which means to do whatever you would like to do indoors BUT @CAPS2 computers. For excersice you can do any sport that you like outside. For @CAPS3 and spending time with family and friends you can have a nice family reunion at their house @CAPS5 just ""hangout with your friends. Four ""you time you can draw, @CAPS5 read a book. Their is a lot of ideas instead of ""computer time @CAPS6 the time!"" With exercising can go outside and play sport such as basketball, soccer @CAPS5 baseball, etc. You could even play hide and seek with your friends @CAPS5 even tag. Anything that keeps you moving out of the house ins tead of using computers! If you exercise everyday such as ""workout"" to get fit you will definatelly manage that instead of using ""computer time"". Exercising is a good idea ins tead of using ""computer time!"" @CAPS3 with family and friends is a good use instead of ""computer time because you can finally have the time to spend time with then like talk to them, play games @CAPS5 eat dinner together. That's called ""@CAPS3"" Your family @CAPS5 friends will love to spend time together by eating dinner together and have a nice conversation. You could also play any board games such as ""monopoly"" too. With your friends you ran go to the movies, have a sleepover @CAPS5 play outside. Many good little ideas to do with family and friends instead of using ""computer time."" The last idea for ins tead of using ""computer time"" lis doing ""you time indoors. WARNING! But @CAPS2 computer time! You could do something quite like draw a nice picture. That's something nice and quite to do instead of using ""computer time."" @CAPS5 you could even read a book too. Maybe you have to catch up on your nightly reading for language arts and you want start reading your goal book. If you choose to do ""you time, you will definately manage to undo that useless ""computer time!"" @CAPS6 of these ""ideas"" for not using the computer is very easy. It's not healthey to sit around the computer @CAPS6 day! Instead you can exercise. You could also socialize with family and friends. Lastly, do ""you time. but don't use a computer!!! If you want to achieve a goal you can mange that!!!"	5	5	10
301	"Advancements in technology are very practical and have a positive effect on those fortunate enough to have a computer. First, computers help reach people to have better hand-eye coordination. @CAPS1, computers make it simple to learn new information about many things such as people and places across the globe. finally, computers allow people in different places to communicate instantly for the reasons above, computers are very helpful to people all around the world. One of the ways computers help people is through improving their hand eye coordination when a person learns to type and look at a screen at the same time. They will be able to do sample everyday asks much better. Is a person does not have good hand-eye coordination. They cannot ever make on the ones of a paper properly! This also, with focus, and people with better focus excel in school, work and their social lives. Hand-eye coordination is very important to learn and computers help to teach it to people. The @CAPS1 reason that I think computers people to learn about new. I myself and through have know many proces. My now lucky I to be able to realize how, and the research is because of computers. Computers are aducating. Finally, computers handy because they telephone. One way communication in computers is my instant. This is when they type and this is similar to a telephone conversation, but free of charge. The final and most popular way is video chat. Video chat is when the people use cameras connected to their computers and can talk to each other while seeing each other's face! All these ways of communicating with people around the world are very beneficial to many people, especially those with family or friends living in another town. Without a doubt, computers benefit people in society in many ways. They teach them hand eye coordination which is very important for simple, everyday tasks they also help people everywhere in the world learn about that they couldnt learn about with books. Last but not least, computers people are world in communicate with each other. In all these ways, computers help people everywhere and."	5	5	10
302	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 opinion about computers is good. I think that they can help people with what they need. People can also also contact other people. All computers are helpful and not always something negative when someone uses it. Computers help teachers, students, employees, and parents. They aren't always for just helping. Computers can also be used for amusement. Games, music, and videos are always on the internet. Contacting other people is also a great reason why computers aren't bad. People can always have an e-mail for business and friends. Myspace, @CAPS3, and @CAPS4 are all websites that people can contact others. Having a computer isn't always bad. When you do a story for the newspaper does it come out hand written? You also use the computer to do work. Computers aren't always bad. People have to learn to just limit their time. They can always be a positive affect on people when they need something. Information on anything is always on the internet. Computers have been used for decades and I think they will be used for many many more. Back then people used computers mostly for work. Now people of all ages can use it for all different kinds of things."	3	3	6
303	"Dear Local newspaper, I think that computers have a bad effect on people because they will have no time to exercise, less time with friends and family, and it could give a younger child a bad influence. Here are my detailed reasons. The most important reason why computers have a bad effect on people is that the time they spend on the computer they could be exercising to stay healthy. For example my mom runs @NUM1 miles everyday and still has time to go on the computer. If you use the computer @NUM2 its bad, but if you use it in moderation then its a little better. For instance my mom lets me go me go on the computer, but she @CAPS1 makes me go outside and run around @CAPS1 people are always talking about obesity, and computers are one way its happening to kids and adults. They just sit their on the computer and do nothing while on the other hand they could be outside. Here is my second reason. The next most important thing is that kids and adults won't have time to spend time with their families and share memories with them. My mom always tells me the best part of your childhood is making memories with the people you love. My friends and I love to be outside and go to playgrounds and act like little kids, but it makes us laugh and people say that laughing keeps you happy and healthy. Here is my last reason. The last most important reason is it can give a younger chilld the wrong ideas. For example I have @NUM1 younger sisters and they love to go on the computer and some websites are not good for younger kids. One website could be @CAPS2 because bad peole post videos and the little children could see then and get the wrong idea. Here is my conclusion. In conclusion I think computers have a bad effect on people because they spend less time staying healthy, less time and with friends and family and it gives kids the wrong idea. I hope I got my point across that they are bad."	4	4	8
304	"Mom!!! Did you know that the human body has only one liver!!!, @CAPS1 I didn't where did you find out, on the computer. I recently heard that some experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising, and enjoying nature. I dont think that they should be concerned because the computer leave's people with an open mind and teach people new thing. So the computer does a lot for people, give's them the chance to learn new thing, a chance to chat with friends far away, and also expand your mind of travel. Computers can do a lot for a person's life of know'lleage. Just yesterday I found out that the human body can not survive without its liver. The computer also helped me with my strugle's in math, even though that's what the teacher is for she is not always their, like when I am home or away on vacation and I just want to remember so thing's in math. Its also help's people who want to know new launage's such as @CAPS2, @CAPS3, and @CAPS4. So you see a computer has a big affect on a person's life. Two days ago I did a video chat with my grandparents back in @LOCATION2 it was great. After six year's not seeing my grandparents they really changed, and I was starting to forget what they looked like. I never knew that a computer could do a video chat from so far away I was surprised. I dont know why you experts are so concerned about computer taking away people's live's look what it has done for my family. I know that if one of you experts family member went away for a long time you would miss them and want to talk. Some people's love to video chat like people in the army because they get the chance to see their love one's. A two-way ticket to @LOCATION3, To see all those beautiful sight's and taste their wonderful food's look at that waterfall where is that, In @LOCATION4, @LOCATION1 now I have to go their. The computer has shone me places that I have neve sene before. The computer is a wonderful thing. So dont be concerned about us and what we do on the computer. In conclusion dont listen to the experts they dont know what their talking about, for all we know they use the computer more than we do. The compute can touch you new thing, give you the chance to chat with family and friends far away, and open your mind on travel. The computer is not a bad thing all it's doing is making life a little better step by step."	5	5	10
305	"Dear @PERSON1, @CAPS1 in your newspaper, I read an article that sparked my interest. The article was about the negative effects computers have on the community. I couldn't help but disagree with the article, @PERSON1 because, in my opinion, computers are a step in the right direction for modern technology. I believe computers are a benefit to society because they premote hand-eye coordination, you can learn about almost anything, and you can talk online to other people. How do computers help with hand-eye coordination, you ask? When you are typing on the computer your eyes are on the screen while your hands are typing and strengthening at an incredible rate! A study made by students at @ORGANIZATION1 shows that the chances of developing arthritis by the time you are @NUM1 dropped almost @PERCENT1 in people that use computers often. Also, the hand-eye coordination you get from typing, goes a long way in sports such as tennis and baseball. So if someone needs to build up their hand eye coordination I suggest that they take a computer class, like the ones that are offered in many schools all over the country. Secondly, using the internet on computers makes finding information on a variety of subjects much easier. Say you wanted to go on vacation with your family. Instead of calling a number, why not go online and plan your entire trip from your computer. There are so many websites that make it fast and easy. In addition, sites can teaching people how to clothings are always nearby. If you wanted to learn how to knit, just type in ""how to knit"" in your favorite search engine and there are over @NUM2 sites to help you, making it easy to learn to make a great or fix a bike. In addition to learning about new things the internet allows you to friends. After camp, I would always say ""oh we will keep in touch,"" but I never would be able to keep any promise. Once I found an instant messager or webcam application on the internet, it was very easy to talk to my friends. Every once in a while I talk to my friend who now lives in @LOCATION1! Also, my dad is always stressed about meetings with other countries, but now that he can use webcams to talk to his other international bosses, he is so excited about his meetings. He always says that the computers nowadays are very easy to use for talking to people. In conclusion, I believe that computers are a benefit to the world because they help with hand-eye coordination, make it easy to get information, and talk to people."	5	6	11
306	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 life without computers. There would be no quick access to information, no way to socialize, and no way to keep your health records or other personal information safe. Without this technology where would we be? I believe that the world is benefiting from the advances in technology today. As a student, computers are a crucial element to allow me to get my work done. without the guidance from @ORGANIZATION2 @CAPS7, @CAPS4 @CAPS5, or other applications, @CAPS6 woudn't be possible for me to reach my full potential a assignments. How could a student be so certain their grammar is perfect on their homework without asking a teacher? There is a way. It is called @ORGANIZATION2 tools. However, the only way to access this is through a computer or @ORGANIZATION2 @CAPS7 @ORGANIZATION2 tools allows you to check your spelling, grammar, and punctuation with just a click of your mouse. Computers are an essential learning tool for school system today. Not only are computers used to educate, but they are helpful in the real world. Many business rely on the work of Computers entirely. In facts, @CAPS8 to @PERSON1 @CAPS9 @ORGANIZATION1, a local business ""@LOCATION1,"" In our job, we continuously we work with. this wouldn't be possible without the effort of our typist on the computer. ""@CAPS6 business and companies around the nation are relying on the advances in technology, why change anything? We should continue to progress in this groth @PERCENT1 of business in @LOCATION1 say they would have to close dawn @CAPS6 not for computers with so many business doing this, our economy would drop. This would not help. We all know computers and other technology are great sources of entertainments. What you @MONTH1 not now, however, is that they supply a great amount of knowledge to the average person. For example, lets say you finished watching a special on the discovery channel about @LOCATION2. You want to know more, so you pull out your iPod touch. All you have to do is log on to the internet and search ""@CAPS11 of @LOCATION3, @LOCATION2"" @CAPS12 seconds, you would have your information. People @MONTH1 not believe so, but it is true that you canlearn a great deal of information from various forms of technology. You can have all the resources you'll ever reed right at your fingertips. Computer supply so much more then just entertainment. All reasonable people would agree advances in technology are extremely helpul to the public. there is so much guidance for our daily lines through computers."	6	6	12
307	"Dear @CAPS1 of @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS2 you know that eight out of ten homes in @LOCATION1 have at least one computer if not more? Computers help us with daily things and make many tasks, like writing an essay, much easier. They benefit our society in many ways. Without computers some families would lose contact with loved ones who are far away, not to mention it can keep many things very organized and neat easily. Maybe the best benifit is how you can learn about far away countries and cultures with the click of a button. Computers have endless posibilities to how they can benifit our society. Many people don't realize that some families can not be with eachother so easily as other. If a family member is in the service somtimes talking on the computer is the only chance they get to commnunicate with their loved ones back home. Saying that this is not a benifit is a lie. For others who don't have such sevier need of communicating it is still a convinient way to have a conversation with someone far away without racking up the phone bill for a long distance call. Also many times this can be an altenative to parents buying their children expensive cell phones. So having a computer is defanitly a benifit to communiting. The computer can also make many tasks much esier, for example if you were assiangned a @NUM1 pages essay in school typing it on the computer would be much neater and quicker than writing it all out. Also many buisnesses relay on computers to keep data organized and all in place. Like the program excel, @ORGANIZATION2 created this to make a simple way to organize data. It is much more efficient than than having every thing in different site with millions of texters in every draw. So another benifit of the computer is that it can keep tthings organized and poride easy ways to complete evey day tasks. Maybe the greatest benifit of the computer is how much you can learn so easily. Say I was curiouse about the recent earthquake in @LOCATION2, if I wanted more inofrmartion @CAPS3 head straight to the computer. You simply go to @ORGANIZATION3 or another search engine of your choice, type in the subject, one click, and bam you could read for hours all of the websites and articles that would come up. The computer is full of information, and is right at our finger tips, this is definitly a huge benifit to our socierty. The computer is a wonderful tool that can asist in so many ways, wether it is communication organization, or just curiosity. This advance in technology is just another way to improve every day life. Computers don't just benifit our little town of @LOCATION1, they benifit our whole socoety in all of the amazing things they do. "	5	4	9
308	"Over the past decade, the percentage of people using computers has increased by approximately @PERCENT1. All of a sudden the world and its people have become dependent on information that computers provide. The variety of data bases and resources the increased communication and the skills computers allow you to portray and prove that they are essential for this generation. Communication over computers benefit now society can interact between one another. Personally I have been able to talk and see my family who live overseas through the advanced technology on computers. Different communication programs include @CAPS1 @CAPS2 and e-mail, the most commonly used cite. Without having access to a computer and its contents residents have a difficult time embarking themselves within the rest of society. For school events, sport schedules, and keeping in touch with far away family and friends. Computers allow all of these essentials to be part of society, and the way this generation has decided to start our lives. Paretns and teenagers these days have become very lazy in comparison to the way they used to behave. They are nit interested in going to the library in order to research information on people, places, and family heritage. Computers have been a huge convenience in a persons life by allowing all the information that was once in books to be contained throughout the internet. For example if you are doing a project for school. the internet will provide you with any information you need. It is truely astonishing how much one electronic instrument can impact and influence a life. Being a student, I am commonly curious about what references teachers are making and additional information that is not provided. The internet allows any person in possesion of a computer to research what they have wondered about and to give a response on the subject almost immediately the benefits of computers can practically cover the few negative effects as it is a way to let a person discover various information on any desired subject. Besides searching for information, computers can be used to document data of your own. Microsoft has invented several applications of which allow you to graph information design presentations, and neatly record drafts of writing. No person is flawless and is incapable of mistakes. Microsoft helps take your exentuated imperfections and hide them by doing things as little as making a neater copy of your essay, or putting your lists of data into graph form to make it more eye-friendly to viewers. Society has become reliant to sources scattered throughout the date bases on computers and by directly looking at the negative effects that a computer can have on aperson and therefore putting restrictions on this information source will enable society to have to positive donations that computers these days have on our way of life."	5	5	10
309	Daer People of the Newspaper I think that computers are good in some was like to look some think up adout the other side of the world. Like if you have to do a paper on the other side of the world a computer is up to date unlike a book so computer have a good effect on school kids and work so computer are good but other then that most people send all day talking to people on theme and don't go out side and get fresh air so computer have bad effects on some people and have good effects they all need for work and stoff so I think that most people use computer to much to talk to people and for gaming. But some people don't go on it for a long time and go out side and use a computer if they have to for work so the effects of computers is that to meny people use theme forever and talk to people and site and get fat from not going out side and playing and geting fresh aire so most people over use there computer on facebook and stof like that were they code go out side and site on a swing and txt and get fresh aire.	3	3	6
310	"Dear people that read the news paper and that have @CAPS1 that like to play the computer all day more. Than a hour. I think you should take your time and read my article in this wonderful newspaper. I am writing this article about @CAPS1 using the computer more than an hour. My first reason about this computers issue is it makes than not pay attention in the school. To support that reason so you dont think i am making this up is that they play the computer alot and it makes the @CAPS1 just think about the computer and not think about school. They play it so much and it can mess up the @CAPS1 and they can not focus in school. My second main reason is it makes them allways want to talk about the computer. So if they play it mare than a hour like i said it can cause them to be addicted like drug's it is just like that if you dont want your @CAPS1 to be addicted to drugs i hope you woudnt want your own @CAPS1 to be addicted to the computer. To continue about your @CAPS1 can allways @CAPS2 about the computer it can make your @CAPS1 sound like they have no life because they play it all day everday and I would hope you woudnt want your @CAPS1 to be like this. Most importantly my final reason why you shoudnt let your child play the computer for more than a hour a day. Because they can get over weight. Your @CAPS1 well only get up and go to the bathroom, and eat, they will only do stuff that is in the house. Your @CAPS1 will not go out side and play and they wont get no exerse at all. I hope you will understand where I am coming from I have a brother that is offering in the hospital right computer too much and it messed and the doctor said he make it not so I am praying that he well make it out alive so I hope you woudnt let you @CAPS1 do this it will mess up their life forever. Thank you so much for takeng you own @CAPS4 Time to read this article I hope you would remember this article for your whole ontire life."	4	4	8
311	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 has come to my attention that people are spending to much time on computers, and I agree because people spend so much time on computers that @CAPS2 gets addicting, people don’t get enough exersize, and eyesite gots worse. So please keep reading my letter and I will tell you the side effects of the computer. Most of all @CAPS2 gets really adicting for a lot of people that they dont spend time with thie familys or sibleings and some kid get so adicted that they come from school and start useing the computer all day and dont study for a test or do home work. Now people spend so much time on the computer that they dont exersize or play sports with thier friends and just sit all day and get lazy and fat just because of the computer. We just need the computer just to chek @CAPS3 and facebook like I do but I just check my facebook and the go play basket ball. One of the biggist problem that I think is when you sit on the computer to long and get a head ache and ruins your ey site. So thank you for reading my letter and hope you agree with me."	3	3	6
312	"Dear local newspaper, I think that computers have a positive effect on people because it helps them learn about foreign places, it allows them to connect with family and friends that live far away, and it helps them with their jobs. Computers help people learn about foreign places. Before my uncle went to @LOCATION4, he wanted to learn about their culture. He went on the computer and researched @CAPS1 culture, so that he can be prepared. How would you feel if you went another country and knew nothing about it? What if you were to go to that country and do something that was disrespectful to their culture, but you didn't know because you didn't do research on it? I know I would feel bad. Now some people might say that you can read a book on that country, but not everyone has time to sit and read a book. Computers make the world a little smaller and helps us learn about each other. I think that's pretty positive. Don't you? People connect with each other through the computer. More than @PERCENT1 of people who move away from their family and friends reconnect with them through computers. Nowadays there are social networking sites, like @CAPS2, @CAPS3, and @CAPS4, that gives people the chance to contact a family or friend that lives far away. When I moved to @LOCATION1 from @LOCATION2, I thought that I was never going to see my best friend again. But then, I got a @CAPS3 and found her on there. I was very estatic. We swapped numbers and addresses. Now everyday I talk to her on the computer. Also, the only way I talk to my aunty, who lives in @LOCATION3, is by the computer. I can't talk to her on the phone because that would run my phone bill up. Another reason that computers are positive is that is helps people find their biological parents or siblings. It brings them together and helps them reconnect with each other. Computers help people with their job. Anybody who is a @CAPS6 of a company has a laptop. It helps them store data, files, and important information. Computers are essential to these people. Also, it helps them keep track of their company if they go on a vacation. How would you feel if you owned a company and went on a vacation, but you couldn't keep track of it because you didn't have a computer. Computers have a positive effect on people because it helps learn about places, talk to their family, and keep track of their job."	5	4	9
313	"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2 you like it if your children stay on the computer all the time? I wouldn't children or even adults won't spend time with family, kids will be unhealthy, and lastly they can get addicted to using the computer and computer language. Please keep reading to hear my ideas. To begin with, children or even adults won't spend as much time with their family. For example @PERCENT2 of people will stay on the computer all day and won't even worry about their kids. i remember when I read on facebook that the guy was so into a game he was playing that he didn't answer the phone when they tould him his son got hit by a car. Now, news lpaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2 you wan't your son going through what that man's son went through? I don't think so. Also, kids or adults will be unhealthy and not exercise. A study was shown and @PERCENT3 of people who use the internet don't exercise or work out. out of that @PERCENT3, @PERCENT4 are suffering from obeasity. my cousin is always on the computer and the doctor tould him to minimize how muchtime your on it because hes obeast. He weighs @NUM1 pounds due to being on the computer all the time. So tell me, newspaper @CAPS1 @CAPS2 you want your kids to be abease. Lastly, now-a-days kids are ""obsessed"" with the computer an computer. @PERCENT1 of people who use the computer use the computer language in school. And out of that @PERCENT1 put internet on their phone so they can go on myspace, facebook, ect. Now, newpaper @CAPS1, what @CAPS2 happen if you wrote computer language in your article woudn't you get fired? In conclusion, i hope you took my letter into concideration. kids or adults will be unhealthy, kiods will be too obsessed with the computer and lastly they won't spendtime with family."	4	5	9
314	"Dear @CAPS1, I believe that computers have a negative affect on peoples lives. Computers occupy a lot of people's time which could be used for other matters. The internet also contains alot of unappropriate content that children should not be viewing. But above all, there are too many petafiles online preying on young children. These are all ways that computers have a negative affect on peoples lives. Computers occupy so much valuable time that could be used for other, more important matters. The childhood obesity rate in america is climbing. There is no doubt that electronics, play a huge role in this event. For example my brother plays on the computer everyday, so barely goes outside. He has allowed the computer and the internet to occupy his life, leaving no room for anything else. Also there is alot of content. Ranging from a song to websites containing pornagraphy. most sites don't even alert you that by how you need to be @NUM1 or older to view the content, and very little acctually ask for proof. There are millions of sites containing such content. It really is a pressing matter and needs to be deal with. Above all else, there are millions of creeps on the internet, preying on children as a young teens. Its truly disgusting. There are millions of chat sites in which people can meet and. Petafiles go on these websites under an alias, pretending to be teens and children. Their motive, to lure young teens unto meeting them in a secure location, and to commit rape. Some victims are enough speak up but sadly, most are too afraid or ashamed to do so this is all made possible through the internet. For these reasons I say that computers have a negative effect computers lives because some positive but sadly cons outweight pros such as before mention occupation of time, content on the internet. I truly believe that the planet would be better with out computers."	5	5	10
315	"People think that useing computers is a good thing, I think so to because there are alot of other people in this country that speak different languages and the computers can teach them insted of a person that just speaks our language. This for some people is their lives even alot of people use computers for their work. Kids also use the internet not for things such as, facebook, myspace, gmail, and alot of other web pages, I also use the internet but not as much anymore but I used to go on gaming pages like, @NUM1.com or even /cup/coffee but I dont go on those anymore that much because I have xbox live and that is a thing that the internet also comes in and you can talk to your friends. Some of my friends just fo on the computer and dont get any exercise at all but alot of my friends go on it but play alot of sports so there not just getting fat all the time. So people in the world basically have a computer but not everyone in @LOCATION2 of @LOCATION1, I think that our country should write a big pay check to those poor country and so they can get computers and so if they come here they can speak our language, or we ship that of computers to their countrys and so they dont buy any crappy computers. Also when your on a computer you can buy a webcam or it is already placed into your computer and you can talk to your friends or even show them that what you made or something like that. So I think that computers are the best thing that we ever invented or who ever do."	3	4	7
316	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I think that being on the computer too long is bad for people because, you could get obsessed with the computer. You could get in trouble, and it could effect your education. One reason I think that being on the computer too long is bad for people is because you could get obsessed with it. For example, if you were playing outside on a nice day and you called a friend and asked them to come over and they said no I can't @CAPS3 on the computer. You said why todays a nice day. Then your friend said @CAPS3 playing games. Thats an example of being obsessed with a computer. Another reason that being on the computer too long is bad for you is because you could get in trouble. Getting in trouble online is bad because you could get sued or the owner of the website could delete it from your computer. Also if your parents found out you would be in even more trouble because then you would get grounded. That means you wouldnt be able to use the computer for a long time. My last reason that being on the computer too long is bad for you is because it could effect your education. If someone was on the computer too long instead of doing their homework that could effect their grades a lot. If you are in @CAPS5 @CAPS6 and this happens you wouldnt be alowd to graduate and go to college. That is not a good thing if you are trying to get into a good college. Even though the computers is important in @CAPS5 @CAPS6 you still shouldn't be on it to long. In conclusion everything I have said about why being on the computer too long is bad for you proves that too much computer is bad for people."	4	4	8
317	I think that using computer is fine. Reason why I think you have family from far away. Instead of talking hearing voice on the phone. They can talk to each other but most of all see each other. Show cool thing you have that are new. When you have a love one you can see them when there a way for a trip. Computer are helpful when your car is broken down or when you have no car. You can buy stuff at store by the comfort of your home. Almost everything you can get stuff out of store because they have online store to mail to you. Also now you can buy food on internet and lots more. Saving money computer tell you where to get good prices to save money. Lots of dating sites to meet diffent people to go out and give your commets. Texting on facebook can let you save money by texting for free. Playing free online games with your friends. You can make website and you can watch movie and show online. There just a lot of thing you can do on a computer. I know lots of people don't go outside exercise but I agree with some expert. Lot of people need to lose weight or need to go outside more to the real world. This techology people are big they don't go out more. They eat lots of food. But computer are very helpful in lots of way and its so fun. Those are my reason why I think that computer are great and sould be used more.	3	4	7
318	"Computers a good because you can get infermation, you can play games, you can get pictures, But when you on the computer you might find something or someone that is bad or is viris. If ther is a vris you might want shut off the computers so it does not get worse. The are websites for kids, like games, there are teen games, there are adult games. Also pictures are bad for kids because most of the time they lead to inapropreit pictures. You should only look up infermation that you need not things like wepons or knifes. Also there are differnt kinds of companies like @CAPS1&t @CAPS2. @CAPS2 is a good place to get computers @CAPS1 so is @CAPS1&t."	2	2	4
319	"Could you live a day without a computer? I talk to my friends everyday on the @CAPS1. I learn about current events that I wouldn't know without a computer. A computer also helps me through my daily life. I acknowledge that I should get outside and meet up with my friends, but sometimes when its raining or snowing I just want to talk to them online. Another great thing about talking online is that I can talk to all my friends, not just the one I am playing with. I noticed that even when my friends go away, they can still stay in touch because of their computers. Not only can you stay in touch with your friends, but you can learn about the current events. Whenever I go into @CAPS1 @CAPS2, my @ORGANIZATION1 page comes up and shows me the current events. Without a computer I woudn't be able to see who woll last nights ball game or whats happening with the health care bill. These are important things that help me keep up with things away from my town. A computer also lets me learn mopre about what the healthcare bill actually is and how it affects me. Not only does a computer teach me about current events, it also helps me in my daily life. When I'm eating breakfast, I check my email and look at the weather. During school I type up my essay. When I get home I check the homework and talk to my friends online. All of that is done on a computer. That just goes to show how much I use computers each day. i rely on my computer so much that I would be lost without it and I would get half as much done. I strongly beleive that computers are a necessity. They allow me to talk to my friends when we can't meet up. It keeps me up to date with currents. I think computers have become part of our daily life."	4	4	8
320	"Dear @LOCATION1, I believe that computers benifit the society. Computers help use in many ways but the @NUM1 main reasons are they help us store important documents get better at or learn forein language and get information. So without further adue here is more extensive reasonings. First of all, computers help us store many documents without computers companies that involve autioning and many other thing would have to store everything in filing cabinets. That would take forever and there wouldn't be enough room, so a lot of files would @CAPS1 be laying around every where @CAPS1 think about it. You use computers to make store send your newpaper articles and without computers you wouldn't be able to keep everybody up to date. Secondly they help use learn on get better at forien languages. Computers help use learn what other people are saying in other countries around the world. Like I have grandmother she the learned spanish. Now I can talk to her and she can understand me. Finally computers help use get information. They help us get information for a project at school, records direction, etc. In the year @DATE1 people din't have computers but when the first router was made the people I went up @NUM2 points. Farmers became slaves became very rich and I kid even grad collage at age @NUM3. So before you say people are spending too much fine on their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with family and friends think about what computers do for us @CAPS1 think. So furher more computers benifit us a lot. There's storing deviced helping us get better a lot learning a forign language and getting information. So please make te right chose and think about what computers do for us. "	6	5	11
321	"Dear Local Newspaper, I have been using my computer for a long time now. I didn't have one growing up, but I got one last year. Ther has been people saying tht the computer is good and it helps you stay in contact with friends and family it helps you learn about everything and you can look up the news. I totally agree with this. But some people don't like the computer because they spend more time on it then going outside. Here are ny thoughts on the computer. First of all, teh computer is a great way to look up the news. You can find more news and weather faster then you can on teh television. if you want to find the news, just got to awebsite that you think has news. I am find out what weather is today, what happens throughout the day that @MONTH1 be shocking to everyone, and find out about celebrities. All this at a push of a button, and a click of the mouse. Secondly, the computer is like a tutor. Either your having trouble on homework, or you just want to knoe a simple fact, the computer is for you. Just search up soemthing you want to know on a search engine and you will have your answer. This amy not seen that important, but it is when you are anxious to learn. Lastly, the computer is the famous way of communicating around the globe. Whether it's facebook, myspace, aim, you can tlak to your distant or close family and friends. You might think, ""oh tha's what a phone is for""? Well all of these websites are free. Yeah, I said it free. There is also skype. Skype is where you can actually see the person you are talking to. Yes, the wonderful world of technology. So now you know that a computer can teach you things. it can find you news, and it can help you communicate across the globe. Now your thinking, ""People spend too much time on the computers right""? This is where independnece comes in. Get off or it. it's your decision to stay on it, not the computers. Limit your time to a half hour a day. Go ourside, enjoy nature. AMybe do a little excercise. "	4	4	8
322	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, I do believe that computers can be positive. If you think about it, they can actually help you learn with all those different programs they have. Say you need tutoring or advice, you can basically find all that on a computer even if you have a little kid with, I'm absolutly sure that they have websites and programs for them, and trust me they're fun and educational! You know how people are complaining that computers are taking away time from exercising, and inteacting with family and friends? Well, what if you have family living somewheres else. You can chat with them! And also do execise while on the computer. I'm sure if you keep reading you'll know why I think they're positive. Having trouble in school? Are they blaming it on computers? Well we can change that! If we're able to prove to people that computers can help us learn and are educationaly then people might actually think that computers aren't bad with all of this technology that were coming up with these days arent that bad. I'm pretty sure that they have some sort of tutoring program, they even have college online! Now theres something to look into. Do you have a kid, a younger friend, or even a younger brother and sister? Are they always looking for games to play? Well I'm @PERCENT1 sure that they have fun learning games and websites on a computer! So, while the're having fun, you can just think of how much they're learning now! It's a real fun way of learning! You can just imagine on what they're learning and how well they're doing on school. Do you have family who live far away that you don't see much? Well if you all have a computer than you can posibily stay in touch! You guys can chat each other, check up on each other, and see how everyone is doing. It's a perfect way to stay in touch. Want to know what would also be a good way to connect, a webcam! You don't have to have one, it's just a suggestion. So that way not only do you get to talk to them, but you can see them too. Isn't that cool? I don't know about you but I think so. Well now that you've heart what I've had to say about how I think computers are positive. I hope you think the same too. If you really think about it, they aren't bad at all. They're actually very helpful. Thank you,"	4	4	8
323	"Computers, Computers, Computers, its all we hear about today. New websites, chatrooms, games and much more. I agree with the experts who think that we should spend more time outdoors with friends and family. Computers take over peoples lives, you don't know who is looking you up on facebook or @CAPS4 and know you can do almost anything on them. Lunch...,@CAPS1...,@CAPS2...,@CAPS3....Computers are taking over our lives. Believe it or not some people bring computers everywhere they go and once you get on that @CAPS3 chances are you won't be getting of it for a while because you keep clicking and keep finding new stuff. I do have to say computers are a cool device but there has to be a limit. We can not be on the @CAPS3 @NUM1 looking up what @PERSON1 said to @PERSON2... You got to come back to earth and spend time with your family. The @CAPS3 might be a cool device but that does not meen that it is safe to post stuff about you on. Facebook & @CAPS4, probably two of the most dangerous sites to be on. Anybody could just type in @PERSON1 and get @NUM2 maches and find you eventhough you don't know them. People are not always as they say they are. People could say taht they are a @NUM3 year old. Just leaving college when it's really a @NUM4 year old @CAPS6 just getting ready to enter the senior center. Don't trust anybody. Now and days you don't even have to leave your house. You can shop, talk, @CAPS5 taxes, bills, and have a vurtual life on the @CAPS3. Pretty soon @CAPS6 kind as a human will become all together through the @CAPS3. Some computers probally have a smarter system then same humans do. What I am saying is limit your time to the @CAPS3 or thats where you will be spending it all. Know you know that I think that computers need to be seen less throughout the human day. Also that they are taking over our lives, are dargerous, and you don't even have to leave your house to make a living. I hope you take my thoughts into consideration. Thank you."	4	4	8
324	"Dear local newspaper, Computers are a usefull tool when doing a school report or something to that effect but, @CAPS2 we really need thoes computers. When using a computer for a school project @CAPS3 can be a hassel. One of many problems people are fased with while using a computer are freazing, when doing a project and your computer frezz's @CAPS3 can be verry time consumming. Another problem is pop up's, pop up's can couse virouses, and when you computer gets a virous, @CAPS3 leads to becoming very slow. Witch leads us to are next problem slowness, when a computer becomes slow @CAPS3 is verry a digital. There are several problems and risks that come with a computer. One health problem is that you can become a hermet and stay inside all day because your too attached to the computer. Another problem is that you can become verry obease because your not getting any physical exersise. One risks of using a computer is that you could end up getting an fassebook, @CAPS1, or myspase, and meating some one who is protending to be some one there not and get abducted by a molester! There are other alternations you could make instead of using an computer. One alternation is that you could go to the local library and cheak out books on your topick that your wanting information on. Another alternation is to ask teachor if she/he could leand you a class text book. But the main aternation is computer to old fashon books! So now @CAPS3's your choice,""@CAPS2 we realy need computers or can we live with out them?"" @CAPS3's your choice!"	4	4	8
325	"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 do you keep in touch and @CAPS1 do computers effect your job? Some people are using computer to often and arent able to enjoy the outside. World. Some use computers for other things then to some times just waste time. I believe with computers having a strong a positive affect on people. You can keep in touch, you can learn, and you can have fun with computers. Computers have a big role in our society, and I know you'll have the right decision on whether or not computers are used to much. You can keep in touch. Not only can you keep in touch with relatives, but also people in different countries, or states, and even people like your friends who live next door. E-mail is a great and healthy way to communicate with others. There are also other websites like facebook and skype were you can actually post pictures up about yourself and family and be protected. @CAPS3 if you live miles and miles away you can easily show your friends the things you've been doing or your new baby boy. @CAPS4 also shows things about your personal info. You can make friends with people and plan @CAPS1 your going to hang out this weeked. Yesterday my @CAPS2 emailed me a picture of a cub bear in a tree outside of his cabin he was playing in, in for. He's over @NUM1 hours away and I can still email him back saying, ""@CAPS2, did you make a friend."" With in seconds he can respond saying, ""I even got a bear hug =)!"" @CAPS3 I talk to him while he's away and were almost together. I bet you use email as much as we do to get a of printers and. @CAPS4's a fast and easy way to communicate. You can learn.. Computers are a very big part in the learning experience. Teachers, students, parents, and grandparents learn everyday with computers. There are educational websites to learn about things. In our school yesterday on ""quiz.com."" @CAPS4's a website for schools were you can take quiz instead of paper. If your a busy parent, with kids, you can work online. You can get payed for the work you do with, websites, and. You can also go to school online. There are people are very busy and dont have time to go to college classes can take classes. They can learn and even interact with. The computers teach you they dont hurt you. Everything. Security, jobs, bills, school, contacting, games, everything. Most people, schools, catch their buisnesses with out a computer. Computers protects you and help you grow. You can have fun with computers. A lot of people go online and play games on numerous websites. These game can past time and the player some fun. @CAPS4 might not be running but its fun. You can do @CAPS3 many things on the computer to have fun. You can play online games, download music, skype, browse, shop,, and even meet people. Meeting people is a big thing. A lot of people these days are using. way to meet and interact with new and interesting people. My cousin is now @NUM2 and he used online dating and met this really sweet and pretty girl that lived nearby. @NUM3 years later they're maried and are more in love than imagined. See @CAPS3 love can be found out on computers and a lot of fun too. You have read my reasons and you have realized what the computer does for the world. Most everyone owns a computer and almost everyone needs one. This an easy way to communicate or keep in touch, you can learn from, and you can have fun with the computer. Many more things that are in good use. I have now convinced you that computers are very positive for people."	5	5	10
326	"Dear, local Newspaper, I hear that you think computers have an effect on people. Will I disagree with what you say. I think computer will help us learn, and do things faster. Haveing computers helps the community learn more. My first, reason I think we should keep computers because it helps people with there hand eyes coordination for jobs. With the skills of typing you can work at places like the city of @LOCATION1 where they type every day and work hard. They also learn more and more facts about the sociatis. Without knowing how to type you @MONTH1 not get any top class jobs. My second, reason telling us that computers are helpful is that it helps your children do better in school by learning how to type for high school, and learning math, sce, social studies and language arts. Computers also helps kids at young age do math and other with their character, like dora, @ORGANIZATION1, elmo, and others. So learning on computer can help you learn and have fun at the same time. Which i know your parents would like. Even new born babys can learn how to read, write and do math and grow up and can be president one day. My third, reason is that it helps send things all over the world. Without computers we would have to do it old fashion style. Also with computers you can talk to family member that live far away from you (In state or country) and you have not see them in a long time. Or you can chat with old school friends from back in the day. You can also buy thing off the computer. In my conclution I told you that computers can not effect people by telling you that your child can do better learning and parents also. I also add that it helps you get jobs and help you with your hand and eye cordination in school and out. So computer help the community."	4	4	8
327	"Dear local Newspaper; @CAPS1 you know that computers teach you to do many things? You probably do! I understand you would like to know my opinion on whether or not computers have a positive or negative effect on people. Well, I think that it has a positive effect. Computers teach you how to type and learn the moun keys. It also helps you to look things up like people, states, and etc. Lastly, it helps you to interact with other students when not in school. i encourage you to continue reading to hear my wonderful and strategic ideas. First of all, I think that computers have a positive effect on people because it gives you the learning skills to learn how to type I remember last year in @NUM1 grade, the tech ed teacher, ma @LOCATION4, told to go on a website that was all about learning how to type. It told us that the main keys were. A,@CAPS2,@CAPS3,@CAPS4 and @CAPS5,@CAPS6,@CAPS7, and colon(;). It was very helpful. From then on I typed like that. I think that learning how to type is an excellent thing. Typing helps you if you want to become a secretary or even a newspaper editor. My mother is a secretary down town at the low form called: @ORGANIZATION1. She works for three houses so she learned to type really fast. Typing is a big part of your life. You can use it for a project that you have to do for class, or an essay lthat you have to type to apply for a scholarship ro colege. Typing is used everywhere, even in math class my teacher types up things and pits them on the @CAPS8 @CAPS9. In addition, computers have a positive affect on people because they help look up famous people, states, countries, and etc. I remember on @NUM2 grade I @CAPS1 a project on @CAPS10, and in @NUM3 grade I @CAPS1 a powerpoint on I've also done a project on @LOCATION1 in @NUM1 grade, I @CAPS1 one on @PERSON1 this year for music, and I'm beginning one on @LOCATION2 and @LOCATION3. As you can tell, I've been using a computer, basically my whole life, except when I was a baby, but now that I think about it, when @CAPS11 a baby I got a little fake computer. i know computers are @LOCATION1 but they do have a positive effect on people. When was the last time you need a computer to help you look up something or someone? Priority not too long ago. Computers are the real dael. They can help you do anything. They've helped me my whole life. To be continued, computers have a positive effect on people. They help interact with other people students, and fa mily members, when not in contact. I remember when my cousin moved away. i was so sad. I didn't went her to leave. So then she gave me her email to contact her on the computer so I could talk to her. The computer has many websites where people can interact like: @CAPS12, @CAPS14, @CAPS13, aol, msn, yahoo, g-mail, twitter, and many more. i like talking to people from all over the country. I talk to my friend when I'm at home. i talk to family members. My favorite website is @CAPS14. I am a fanatic of it. It'@CAPS2 spo much fun. Do you have a favorite interaction website? @CAPS1 you have any interaction websites? If you don't you should get one. This is why computers have a positive effect on people. In conclusion, i think that computers have a positive effect on people. One because they can interact with others. Two: they can look up things to help them. Three, they can develop a sense of typing. Thank you for reading my letter which I 'm sure has persuaded you to agree with me on how computers have a positive effect on people."	5	6	11
328	"Some of you @MONTH1 agree that computers don't keep you fit or we spend too much time on them but, they can help you keep in touch with friends and family, meet new people, and save information. Without these important technology devices we wouldn't be able to do any of these things. Most families live all over the country @MONTH1 be even in another country, and you don't get to see them very often because of traveling prices, however with the computer they can help us keep in contact with them very easy and quicker than you can say ""@LOCATION1."" @CAPS1 more people make a website that allows us to easily keep up with our distant family. Facebook, @CAPS2, @CAPS3, @CAPS4 of fish, and singles net are all sites that you can find friends or the one that's right for you. This gives you a chance to discover @CAPS1 people with the same interest as you. Half of my mom's boyfriends were from these sites. Without these sites there might be less divorces and more happy ending fairy tales. @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people work out home. It's good and you can get things done the. Many people have papers and of important information and it could be lost in a blink of an eye. With technology like this they save with just a click of that mouse. More buisnesses are being held at their households because of this easy going technology. Exercise @MONTH1 be important still, with a touch of a button I could talk to my aunt, find the right one for me and save my whole life. New technology like computers can change the world and help @MONTH1 things faster."	4	4	8
329	"Dear computer experts, @CAPS1 this: A family of four is sitting in a small dark room, not talking, not laughing, just sitting lazily in their chairs, hunched over & bored. They aren’t communicating with any of their friends, and aren’t really doing anything at all. They sit there like lumps. This would happen @CAPS5 we banned computers! Computers defenetly have positive effect on people because they feed you a constant stream of knowlage, they develop good hand eye coordination, and they enable the people who use them to communicate with others. Clearly, they are a positive addition to our world. To begin, computers bring you constant a stream of knowlage. My close friend @PERSON1 told me recently that she is sometimes sitting at home, and doing her homework, and she needs to look up something. She simply grab her computer, and the information is delivered to her with the click of a button. @CAPS5 she didn’t have a computer sheld never obtain such knowlage. Second, in a survey of @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @ORGANIZATION1, @PERCENT1 of total computer usage is looking up information, and gaining knowlage. This statistic shows that computers defenetly help them when looking for information. Also a recent @ORGANIZATION3 article on computer usage states that @CAPS5 people didnt have computers, half of the world’s discoveries would not be around today. You can tell that the amount of knowlage that computers give us is very important! Next, using computers builds hand eye coordination as well. Children’s specialist @PERSON3 says, “@CAPS4 need to be able to play video games, even though they are usually discouraged on the computer. They build fantastic hand eye coordination, and help with many things including @ORGANIZATION1 & sports.” @CAPS5 there were no computers, this hand eye coordination could never developed! Also, at @ORGANIZATION2 in @LOCATION1, they limited computer use, and as a result of it, the sports teams there all got losing records. Could this be because of the lack of hand eye coordination of those students? Additionally, at @ORGANIZATION1, after a recent survey, it was discovered that @NUM1 students who play video games on their computers do better in gym class because of the added hand eye coordination. Clearly computers greatly build hand eye coordination. Lastly, using computer allows people to communicate with each other through email & other social networks. After a poll from www.@CAPS6.com, we have discovered that millions of users use the computer & @CAPS6 to communicate everyday. We wouldn’t want to deny them of this, would we? Secondly, a friend of mine, @PERSON2, who goes to @ORGANIZATION4, says that the main way that she communicates with her friends & makes plans with them is by computer. @CAPS5 she didn’t have one, none of this could be done. Furthermore, a recent article by @PERSON4 a teen specialist at @ORGANIZATION5 says that when people don’t have computers & can’t communicate or talk to the outside world, they are more prone to diseases & sickness like depression or anorexia. When they don’t talk as much with their friends, these sicknesses are more prone to occur. This defenetly shows that communicating with computers is very important. Now, @CAPS1 this. The same family as before is sitting in bright, sunny room their computer screens flashing merrily. One of the boys calls out, “hey, look at his “ and the rest of his family rushes to his side. Their faces aglow with this @ORGANIZATION3 information. You can see that computers have a positive effect on people because they bring @ORGANIZATION3 information, they build hand eye coordination, and they allow you to communicate with others. So, computer specialists, what are you waiting for? Go to your computers right now & learn some @ORGANIZATION3 things!"	6	6	12
330	"Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1 being able to find the information of anything with only one hand. Computers benefit people because the can talk online with others. Also people have the advantage of learning about faraway places. Lastly you are able to find lots of information quickly and easily. Computers do benefit society. Furthermore, with computures people can talk online with others easily. All @ORGANIZATION1 students use the computer daily to video chat with friends or instant message parents! @ORGANIZATION2 discovered that computers keep families closer because they are able to see each other virtualy when someone is away. @PERCENT1 of @CAPS2 use their computers to talk with others online. One could see why computers are bad, but @CAPS5 they benefit a lot of people everyday. @CAPS1 walking into a room where people of all are learning about computers are helpful to @CAPS6 individual because the can learn about places. Computer says ""Computers are information in a compact "" @CAPS3 out of @CAPS4 people use the computer learn about far away places. The @LOCATION1 lives had found that using the computer to learn about far away places than using multiple , Some can use why books are to use, @CAPS5 omputers are. Lastly, computers are great because they teach @CAPS6 to have better, @PERCENT2 of people found their after using the computer for one haour. @PERSON2, @PERSON1, says ""The computer can help to develope stronger reflexes."" @CAPS6 could see why computer slow reflexes, but @CAPS5 they mae them better. Computers benefit society greatly. Computers help people talk online with others. Also people can learn about faraway places. Lastly the computer strengthens hand eye coordination"	4	4	8
331	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2, some people do spend most of the day on the computers, but not everyone. Oh, let me start with no. Not all people take atvantege of the computer. Like scientest, your banks, and schools. These tipe of computers helps us through life. With out these computers then we willl still be cluless on a lot of things. But, there are people out there that did take atvantege of the computers. And they still do. With unforgiving acks like child porn. One of our mane problem in the world is child porn. And a lot has to do with the kidnapping. Or in rare cases the parents are the cause of it. So these are a lot of changes that need to be doen. But when there cleared then the computer world will be peacful once agaen."	3	3	6
332	"Dear Local Newspaper, I believe that there is nothing wrong with being on the computer. The computer in my thought helps you learn about new technology stuff such as new games to help you learn or new websites. Also using computer helps you talk to people you know that maybe you haven't talk to in a while and you don't know their number. I think that having a computer makes you smart because i mean you still do other stuff besides be on the computer all day, when you are not on you are either hanging out with friends/family or you are eating or sleeping/working out or just doing something like homework. I believe using a computer is part of you healthy choices and you can lean a lot more than you really think you can. Using a computer and learning in school basically can teach you the same thing. I computer can be very health for you hands because when you are consteatly moving you hands gives them more strength and can give you stronger muscles in your hands and lower arms. Inconclusion, I believe that computers are health for you don't take anytime away from exercising time or time with friends/family/sports/sleep/ or eating. Computers are a hundred percent health for you. So i think that people should keep using their computers but just make sure they fit everything else into it each day."	4	4	8
333	"Dear local Newspaper, I think computer technogily is good. I think there are mang good effects on computers. I think the computer teaches us to work onlone with no ones help. Another good effect on the computer is we can talk to friends online. Also another thing is it gives us the ability to learn about it and surf the web. Another reason is it gives us hand cordanation. All of those are the reasons why I think the computer has good effects. My first topic, why I think there are good effects on the computer is we can do work by ourselves with no ones help. My first reason why I think that is because after looking up links on it and getting use to that homework would be eaiser. Also it will help you get more information on homework and you can get a better grade. Another reason is that you will be able to work onlone you will be able to get it done faster by going on the web. My second topic why there good effects is that you can go online and talk to freinds. My first reason why I think that because if you don't have a cell phone and you wanna talk to friends you can go online. Another reason is that is good is that if you can't do somthing and our in a bind you can tell the person that you can't. Also another reason it is good because you can talk to relatives you havent seen. My last two topics are that it gives good hand cordination and we can learn to surf the web. It gives us good hand cornation because we learn how to use our hands and fingers faster. Also it gets us away from typeing. You can learn to surf the web because after a while you will know were everything is and be a web master. Lastly you will be able to find everything you look for. In conculsion these are good effects. The computer teaches us how to type, and search on the web and learn about it. As you can see these are the reasons I think it has good effect."	4	4	8
334	"Dear Newspaper people, @CAPS1 you might heard on the @ORGANIZATION1 new, more and more people thing computers are the benefits of society. I personally agree with them. I think that theyare making people missing out of new things, missing out of meeting new people, and looking out on exercize. Time flys by fast. Things can fly over your head and you might not notice them. Have you ever ben on a computer for an hour. It might have felt you were on for @NUM1 minets. Many people ben on it for a hole day. You could of missed a year of stuff. New things like the new ipod nano with camra be invend and you would of not known. Also, the ipod. You could down load books andd read them on there. There also new things to try like jumping art of a plain or bungy jumpimg. You could be going to new place around the world. Traveling to @LOCATION1, @LOCATION2 or even under water. Even going to @LOCATION2 and having a melting, warm, right of the oven tayst cheese pizza. My mouth is grulling for just thinking about it. How many people do you know. What about on facebook or myspace. @CAPS3 not you should go to the park. Meet some people. Just going to a family house, you can be interacting. Everyone should be interacting with someone. Even two year olds need to interact with other two year olds. Thats they learn how to share @CAPS2, your not two anymore but its good to know someone. Learning how others think too. You @MONTH1 think your way in good and the other erson way is not. Thats called interacting talking about it. @CAPS1 you might see on news how many familys have someone in the familys having weight problems. Meny shows like biggest losers @CAPS3 it chanels are trying to help these people lose weight. But what cams this? It could be not eating right, or not excresing right. But the problem could do with computers. Many people are spending @NUM2 mins on the computer, than @NUM3 excersising. Just a quick walk around the lock can make you lose at leat @NUM4 callories. Other might rather stay on the computer and gain @NUM4 callories. And some deaths are around by a heart attack. This @MONTH1 caused by plack billed up or weight going. In sted of reaching for an apple many americans reach for that foods. I think we should still use computers but cut down the rtimes we use it and exercise and eat more. You might think after reading this letter. Thinking people wont lisen about excersing and meeting new people or palces. But, the one thing we can do is to at least insire one person. That person can inspire another person. This can go on and on. Little by little we can help people what they can do with out using an computer."	4	5	9
335	"I blive that computers have a lot of effects on people for example there eyes, there body, there mind. First you eyes if you set next to the computer too close you eyes gets effected by the computer screen and you @MONTH1 lose your eyes and then you woudnt be able to see or read or do alot of fun staff like playing as you want to set near the computer or not. Second your body if you set on the computer for a whole day and not exersice you will get fat in other word you body will become fat and you will not be able to ran and do a lot of stuff and so are you just set on the computer for the whole day or not. Thrid is you if you watch on you computer like a video or play a new game and you mind if only thinking about doing that and then when you go to school you will only be think about that and you will forget every thing you wanted to do at you thinkin about because of that. Fanilly I am telling every on to not spened too much time on the computer and be exersing and fun act side are working on you school work and doing homework and exersice and I want everyone to have a good life."	3	3	6
336	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I believe that computers are a good source of technology. The reasons which I am fighting for tell why, kids are in school more than half of the school day. Parents should be limiting there childrens use and what they do, and computers are a way of contact and research. To begin, kids are in school more than have of a school day. How could children stay on the computer when there in school learning? They can't. In school you get alot of exercise because your always movign around. After school kids usually do homework or go out with friends. Computers don't have effect on people, if anything it makes them smarter. Secondly, if children have a computer at home their parents should be limiting the time and what exactly they could do on the computer. The people who support advances in technology are correct, computers open up imagination, and learning. Parents of the children that have computers should be more worried than anyone else and if they are , they should just take the computer away. Parents sould also take their kids places more often so the schild win not have to go online. Lastly, computers are a way of contacting others. If you don't have a phone, you use a computer to go on your email, or personal websites. Also poeple need computers for schol work and for their jobs too! Another thing numerous peopel use a computer for is research and reports. We need our information! To conclude, my thoughts are very important to consider because, mny other people would be shy to wirte this and get it published in their local newpaper! I would like to say computers are not interacting with family, friends, nature or anything of that sort. We as a whole need computers to do daily life things, without be able to go online, or save files we would be lost! So I will say again to consider my ideas. Thank you."	4	4	8
337	"Dear @PERSON1, Experts are concerned about the use of computers. They say that they spend hours on the computer and less time exercising enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. I agree. While people use the computers, they don’t interact and meet new friends in person. They stay inside and don't get excersise, and kids might talk with strangers. When we use computers we chat with friends online and don't really interact with others. We meet new friends and chat online and never meet them and socialize, so that is one disadvantage of a computer. Another problem is lack of exercise. While we are on the computer we spend a lot of time and sometimes causes us to even forget to exercise. Then we slowly begin to get unhealthy. Another major problem of computers is talking or chatting with strangers. Some might meet some random people online and give them personal info. Kids might even meet with some of the strangers they talked to online and get hurt! well thank you for reading my opinions about computers. I hope you take them into consideration. Kids and even adults dont interact with freinds, lack exercise, and give personal information to strangers."	3	3	6
338	"Dear local newspaper, it has came to @CAPS2 attention that many people do not agree if computers have a beneficial or bad affect on those who use them. In @CAPS2 oppinion they are not beneficial. First when on the computer people have less time to exercise. Also, computers don't always have approprate sites. Finally, people have less time to interact with family and friends. I believe for these reasons that computers have bad affects on people. Without a doubt people who spend hours on the computer everyday have less time to excersice @NUM1 in every @NUM2 young adults are obiese. This is because most teens sit inside watching @CAPS1 or going on the internet instead of being active. Some students are so addicted to computers they never go outside! I understand that computers can be helpful to do school work but, kids who never get off can have life threatening weight problems in the future. As you know many web sites that are not appropriate for teenagers are accesible to them on the computer. Parents have to constantly worry what their child/children are doing just to make sure it is not bad. If less teens used computers as often as they do they would be lifting a nof their parents shoulders. I remember reading a newspaper article about a girl named @PERSON1 on a website chatting with a ""@NUM3 year old guy who later came and found her and turned out to be @NUM4. If kids were not so addicted to the computer than they wouldnt get into these websites. many teens spend there whole day on the computer leaving no time for their family and friends. For example when a friend calls and asks @CAPS2 brother to go skateboarding he says he is busy when he is just on facebook, @CAPS2 friend once said to me ""sorry I can't go to the pool today I am going to play rollercoaster tycoon."" With this attitude toward outdoor activities I am not surprised that students wasting time on computers do not have time for family or friends. As you can see computers effect many people in a negative way. They prevent people from ecersising, expose kids to in approplate websites, and take away from valuable time with family and friends. I hope everyone agrees thet computer aren't beneficial to people."	5	4	9
339	"Dear Newspaper, Computers are not a benfit for us because we spent to much time on them not every one has a computer and they cost of a computer. Every one dosen't know how to use it. If we timed many hours we spend on the computer people would be amazed at what they sound. People spend looking up random things when they could be outside rideing biks or going sur awalk. And you cant do that with a computer. Not everyone hase a computer because that cost so much @MONEY1 a bacik computer can cost upwards of @NUM1 and more and thats @MONEY1 sur ther computer. Then you have to pay sur the internet witch can so sur @NUM2 a month. And you have to pay for surton aps like (windos, microsoft ect.) The bill on a computer up outer a while and people dont relize that when they are payings for the internet they arnt getting allot what the cable com sars they on giving you. Not every are knows how to use a computer lik older adults dont know how to really know use the full ptonole of a computer. Because they never learnd how to use computer. In this is the computer arnt a hose help for our society.Coose of the time and the cost and the knolage on computers."	4	3	7
340	"Do you really think @CAPS1 need computers to live? I agree on spending less time on the computers and spending more time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with friends. I this because @CAPS1 and family. And @CAPS1 don't need computer @CAPS1 don't need computers @CAPS2 @CAPS1 are lost on and don't know where @CAPS1 are @CAPS1 get @CAPS3, not @CAPS2 @CAPS1 need to look for something @CAPS1 use ipods. If some people like to chat with each other they use cell phones. Lets say you have a project in class libraies are available. @PERCENT1 of kids like to read. A is great way to bring your reading up. If you don't get that right ideas @CAPS2 you read then you can ask your teachers, @CAPS2 it is appropriate time. Like afternoons or during lunch time. One day @CAPS2 I went to class there was a project due and kid said ""I copy all of the words for the computers."" And that is call pradizing. So some parents don't see there children pladerize. Sometimes internet is not good for children. Sometimes you need take a break and slow down. You can take a trip and see your family. You can also look out to nature. Exercise, hike, swim and bike. Computers are not family there are not going to make you exercise there going to make you lazy. Now that you've heard about why you should stop going to the computers because you have electronics, libraies and family. You stop and make a change right now. There nothing to loose. "	3	4	7
341	"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2 has come to my attention that there is a massive increase in people using computers in society. @CAPS2 can have its positive effect on people, but too much of @CAPS2 isn't a good thing. This is why I want to tell everyone about negative effects of the computer on people. We all know using computers helps people with all different kinds of things. They can help with business, interacting with family and friends, and you could even just use @CAPS2 for entertainment. Some negative effects that some people don't know, or maybe just ignore, are things like they can keep you from exercising, exploring nature, and you could spend so much time on your computer, that you could get addicted. There should be some way of telling the people that this is happening and is a concern. So I think that we should try to combine what people like to do on computers, with what they should be doing more often, like exercising. Maybe we could tell people that they can use their computers to contact people like friends and family to go out and make plans to exercise and have fun outside so theyre not stuck on the computer all day. We all know that computers can be a good and bad thing. They teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about places and people in the world, and so much more. They also have bad effects, but that doesn't mean we should take them away from people. And you shouldn't be outside all the time, for the whole day. So I think there should be a limit on how many hours people spend on the computers per day. This way, people get what they want, and they have some time off of @CAPS2, too. Obviously as a result there should be something done about this computer concern. I hope I have persuaded you with my well-thought out thoughts and ideas. And hopefully they will lead you to an idea that will end in a helpful change in society."	4	4	8
342	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, I understand that more and more people use computers, and that can have a good side and a bad one. Do you go on the computer for hours every day? That could be bad. I believe computers are good thing, but only if they are used properly. Hopefully when I'm done, you'll see where I'm coming from on this matters. Everyone is on the computer these days. The problem is, many people are on way too much. They say they are working on hand-eye coordination, but in reality they are wasting away their lives on a chair. They do not communicate as much with the rest of the household and that does not make a big, happy family. They say they are getting important information, but in truth, they might just be getting false information and viruses. Bad people are out there, and one might hack into your computer and ruin your day. Things like @CAPS4 @CAPS5 and @CAPS6 could have people that want to find out all about you so they can hurt you. Yes, being on the computer definitely has a bad side. But there is a good side as well. That is, as long as you are not on too much. It does improve hand-eye coordination, if you play the right games. And it can teach you things, too. Many websites have true information about place or things so you don't need to see it to know about it. You can be helpful. It is also an easy way to purchase items. You can just order them. Most importantly, you can have fun. So, what is your side on this argument? Do you think way too many people are on the computer. Or do you think computers can be great, as long as you're careful? I, for one, pick the latter one. What about you?"	4	4	8
343	"Dear our local newspaper, Computers have a huge effect on people in a negative way. It could change does lifestyle dramatically. For example, people who sit there all day on the computers spend less of their time exercising, enjoying nature socializing with friends and families. Therefor, computers affect us greatly. One of the reasons why computer once horrible, is because people spend too much time on their computer and don't exercise. It's always important to stay fit and healthy. This could be @PERCENT1 of people who live in the @CAPS1.S is obese. This could a leading of obesity. I can connect to this because i had a relative, who admitted that he gained at least five pounds. for being on the computer @CAPS2, not exercising could. Is it really worth sitting in front of the computer all day eating? There are better entertainment active and will keep us healthy and exercising. Another reason, is that. it seems they're far more in technology you greatly, This will not improve your social abilities. You could lose self confidence in yourself and not be as open as outgoind. None like to be a loner. The feeling could be devastating. @CAPS2. this would make it very difficult to interact and make new friends. It's always a pleasure to know that you have so many lovind people around you. You could lose them with snap of you fingers by spending more time focused no the computer, rather than your friends and family. Lastly, it could be bad to get though life without your friends and family. In conclusion, people who spend too much time on their computer spend less of their time exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with friends and families. The computers are like by matter the most in life, to being more focused on them. Computer affect us in a negative way that can change the course of our life."	5	5	10
344	"@ORGANIZATION1, @PERCENT1 of people in the world use computers one time in their lives. Wether it's looking up information, sightseeing, or clothing with friends people are on the computer. They use their computers for work and games @CAPS1 children use the computer to learn. Some scientists suggest computers improve your hand-eye coordination, while others think it makes people smarter because they are seeing new things. You, @LOCATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 Newspaper staff, use a computer to type the news. You probally also use it for @CAPS3 of the things stated above. Most of the jobs in the world have one part that has to do with computers. Farmers @MONTH1 need to keep reports on their money income. Mechanics @MONTH1 use the computer to create blueprints, @CAPS2 officers use a computer to keep track of all the license plates. Baby sitters @MONTH1 need to do their homework. As you can see @CAPS3 jobs use the computer. How @CAPS3 people do you know that met someone or has a friend on the computer? I know I do, @CAPS3 people meet freinds on the computer. Ever heard of @ORGANIZATION2? they macth people together. There is @CAPS4, @CAPS5, @CAPS6, and @CAPS3 more sites were you can chat with freinds. All of these reasons come together and say the computer does benefit society. They help people in any number of ways. I agree we should spend more time outside but we should also spend some time inside."	4	4	8
345	"With the click of a mouse, you can access the internet. Computers and internet are a recent innovation. You could probably find one in a common household. They've improved and gotten popular within the last twenty years. I believe they greatly benefit society. Computers provide an easy way to learn and communicate. Think about how life would be in the @DATE1 without computers. Different, right? I don't think I could have written such a great research paper without the use of a computer. The internet has many helpful sources; such as databases, encyclopedias, and articles. You can find information on almost any topic. The computer makes this easier for us to do. You can just search key words, and you have what you're looking for. Its faster than skimming through twenty books. Once you find what you're looking for, you can paste it into a @CAPS1 @CAPS2 document and print it. It's as easy as that. Another benefit of computers is communication. I have found this important over the last few years. A family that I have been close to my whole life had moved to @LOCATION1 due to jobs. Thanks to internet, I have been able to keep in touch with them. Im sure thousands of other people have been in the same situation. Whether it's on email, @ORGANIZATION1 instant messanger, or facebook, people can communicate with others all around the world. It's more convienent than having to time your phone calls so it's a good time for both of you. If we didn't have this connection with forgein countries, everyone’s lives would be different. Computers haven't just changed personal lives. They change the medical field too. This has greatly benefitted our society. Scientists and doctors find out new discoveries and what advances have been taking place. Doctors use computers to plan and perform surgery procedures. Computers have helped advance and improve the medical research and diagnosis. This saves the lives of many people. @PERCENT1 of tests that have taken place to research a dicsease use a computer of some sort to break it down. The technology of computers has benefitted today’s society and has helped people achieve great things. It keeps people all over the world connected and helps them learn. I hope that you see how computers have molded and helped the world today."	6	5	11
346	"What I am going to tell you could change the way you think about computer in general. People might say that computers are great to be on its fast and you get what you need but I think computers are not good they become addicting and make your bills every high, computers can lead to your child sending less time with you and your family, also computers can be very danerous for teens and children of all ages. I say that computers are addicting this is a fact @PERCENT1 of students spend most of there time on the computer. Why are computers so addicting well they have instant message you can talk to people around the world. Now I know it might not sound bad but this can be bad for your pocket @PERSON1 who works with electrion bills says that because children spend more time on the computer the bills in house have grown up almost @PERCENT2 and the harder it is for people to pay there bills. Computers are what they say now a days are one of the main reason children spend less time with there family. This is true in most familys like mine because pof computers me and my sisters spend more time on then computer than with each other this can cause argueing and fughting between familys. Statics show that @NUM1 people would rather spend more time on the computer talking to people or listening to music than spend time with there own children or parents. Is this what you want for your you and your children to be separated by tecongly? Computers aren't always safe for teens and children of all ages. There are many reasons why computers can sometimes not be safe for your children or teens. I say this because sometimes we are worried about are kids safty and when your child is on the computer you have no idea who they are talking to or what they are talking about. Teens are most/likely going to met other people online and there are stalkers, posers, and other people out there that are pretending to be soomeone they are not and your child can be one of those peoples who fall for it and it can lead to meeting someone they might not know and they can be kiddnapped, rapped anyting can happen. Children can be always get hurt by verbal abuse they can be threatened by others and hurt and that can cause emotional damage so be careful and monitor your child. These are just very few things that can happen. These are my reason computers aren't the really benefiting are society."	5	5	10
347	"Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1 has lately come to my attention that people were saying that computers aren't important. Well, I strongly disagree with that statement. I think computers teach excellent hand eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about far away places, and even allow you to chat online with family and friends. Computers teach a lot of hand eye coordination. Study's show that @PERCENT1 of all football players have excellent hand eye coordination. I'm sure this is because after the football players get home from a big game or something they log into @CAPS2 and make thier status all about thier win. Plus, they probably pull up pingball and see how long they can go without getting the little ball down the hole. Do you have good hand eye coordination? My second reason that I disagree with the previous statement would have to be that computers give people the ability to learn about far away places without ever leaving home I mean @CAPS1 is so much faster than having to go to the library. At the library you would have to first get there, secend pick out your book, and third check @CAPS1 out. with a computer in all that time you could be completely finished with you whole project! Finally, the reason why computers are so important is because @CAPS1 keeps people in touch. Do you have family members who live far away from you? I @CAPS3 I do. I can't always call them on the phone @CAPS4 I want to talk to them so I just log on to @CAPS2 and if there online I can have my conversation with that person. I don't @CAPS3 about you but I'm really close to my grandma. Unfortanitly she doesn't even live anywhere close to @NUM1 hours to me. She's way down @LOCATION2 in @LOCATION1. By car thats one and a half days and by plane thats three hours! So @CAPS1's so much easier to log on @CAPS2 and have a private conversation with her rather than driving a day and a half or flying for three hours. So in conclusion I'm sure you totally agree with me. Computers are just amazing! They help you get hand eye coordination, let you research something super quick, and let you stay in touch with far away friends and family."	4	5	9
348	"Dear @PERSON1, Computers are necessary and benefit our community. They do a great deal to help make our lives easier. There is not a day that we do not use a computer in some way or another. The benefits of our computers are they connect us, the spread news, and they make every day objects work. Computers connect us in so many difffrent ways. Where would businesses be without computers? Most modern day businesses are run by computers. Owners can now have businesses all over the world. With computers a business in @LOCATION2 or somewhere else in @LOCATION4 can be connected with a building in @LOCATION1. They can have live video chats together. With the help of the computers they are able to contact any branch of their business all over the world. Even smaller businesses use the computer to connect to customers. Now a days we do a lot of online shopping. This is an example of how stores connect to their customers. Stores can show buyers everything they have to offer including store locations. This can help stores get more business by connecting the buyer to the shop. The computer not only connects stores and businesses but also people to people. @PERCENT1 of kids in my school own a computer. With all these computers many social networking sites are born. The most popular right now is @CAPS1. Students can connect to old friends from other places and even other countries. We have a live chat on @CAPS1 or even @CAPS2. @CAPS2 is instant messging which is, well, instant. With a simple click people are connected no matter how far apart they are. Therefore, computers conect people. Computers also broadcast news. Without the computers most of us would not no about world news. This includes the @LOCATION3 earthquake. If we did not have the computers to let us know about the earthquake in @LOCATION3 they would be in alot more trouble. They would not have all of these donations. Also computers even broadcast national news. Almost all newspapers are now online along with on paper too. Anyday now they will be completly online. This will drastically change how we learn about news. It would just be a click away. What would have taken days to get here now takes minutes or maybe even seconds. Science also benefits from computers. Phones now can be personal tws, inernet, and messaging devises. Phones are just a tiny version of a computer. Cars also have computers put into them. The @CAPS3 in our cars are computers; we would be lost without them. Also, in cars there are computers to run just about everything else. So, there is not a day where we do not incounter computers. In conclusion, computers benefit us in so many ways. They conect us deliver news, and are in almost all of our technology. Could you imagine life without computers?"	5	5	10
349	"I agree that computers have a bad effect on people because they will spend less time exercising. To much time on the computer takes away knowledge and takes away time with family and friends. So, please listen up so I @MONTH1 explain why I feel this way. My first reason to this situation is people will spend less time exercising which can lead to drowsiness or laziness if you stop exercising. Another reason is that it can affect your ability to run or even stand up because @PERSON1 says that, ""people who exercise a lot will be able to do work but if you don't you won't be able to do nothing."" @CAPS1 of all you'll miss out on the fun while you are to be to lazy to come. My second reason to this situation is that it takes away knowledge. For one you might forget what you learned. Seconds toturing @MONTH1 be needed because you couldn't focus. @CAPS1 you @MONTH1 even forget the people you know even where you live if you spend to much time on the computer. @CAPS1 reason to this situation is that it takes time away from your family and friends."	3	3	6
350	"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 opinion on the effect of computers are that, it depends on how much you use the computer. But I think the computer has a possitive effect on people. Why because it has made us kids homework easier to do, and fun sites you can check out. Even for adults when they need to look up something important they can automatically find it in the computer. First reason why I think the computer has a positive effect on people is because it makes @CAPS1 homework easier, instead of getting it from a book I can get it from @CAPS1 computer. Trust me it's much easier than reading all those types of books when you have a computer. Then you can just type in what you want and it would automatically pop up for you. For example, when you have an essay to right about @PERSON1 @LOCATION1. All you have to to is go to @CAPS2.com and all types of past @CAPS2 would show up. Then you go to search and put in @LOCATION1 then all this @CAPS2 of him comes out. So you get the right information that's an easy A+ for you. Second reason why I think the computer has a positive effect on people is all the sites you can go on and play games or go on youtube, or myspace. It's alot of things you can do on a computer to have some fun. For, example, say you don'@CAPS3 want to play your game or watch @CAPS3.V, or go outside. What do you do, get on your computer. So you can check your myspace page or watch funny videos or maybe talk to some of your friends online. Think about it, you can'@CAPS3 do none of those things on your @CAPS3.V or your game and especially not outside so that's why I think a computer has a positive effect on people. Lastly, I think the computer has a positive effect on people because even adults like to get on computers. Half of every adults job has an computer that they have to use either to cash a check on a computer or teachers to put in grades and scientist to look up different experiments. For example a teacher alway's have to use their computer to put in grades or see what us kids need help on or how far we got and how far behind we are. So it makes it easy on adults as well. In conclusion, those were the reasons why I think computers has a positive effect on people."	5	4	9
351	"Dear readers, @CAPS1 if I told you that every time you sit in front of a computer, you are that much closer to death? @CAPS1 if I said that computers are destroying your lives? This @MONTH1 not be that serrws, but its shocking. You can not disagree. I feel that humans should not use computers, or at least use them very scarcely. Computers make people get less exercise, they kill brain cells, and they can ruin your lifestyle. You @MONTH1 believe computers have impared your life, but consequences remain. Many @CAPS2 today are obese and lazy. They don't get any exercise. There are many reasons for this, but one big reason is because they sit in front of computers all day! Computers @MONTH1 improve reflexes and such but you can do that by exercising, also! When you sit in front of a computer, it reels you in. Ten minutes becomes one hour in a snap! That is one less hour of exercise. Virtual sports @MONTH1 be fun, but they keep you from the real ones. Without exercise, one @MONTH1 become obese, develop diabetes or heart problems or even have muscle troubles. These can be hazardous, and even deadly. Computers dont exercise your body, or your mind! Now, that fact bring me to my next point. Computers @MONTH1 have information to teach you, but that type of learning has its consequences. When you sit in front of a computer, your eyes are on the screen. Now, scientists from the @ORGANIZATION1 foundation have found they staring at the screen kills brain cells. Basically, these cells do not reporoduce as easily as other cells, and they sometimes don't reproduce at all. You are just one step closer to death. I'm sure you don't want an death. Try opening a book! They are cheaper, more accurate, and don't kill your cells! Don't stare at the computer screen, because your slowly destroying your body, and knowledge can be gained elsewhere. For a final point, I would like to say that computers simply destroy your lifestyle. Virtual people are not your real friends and family. Computers cause you to turn away from them. Online interaction is not like just talking to someone in person or on the phone. You can lose your real friends. Plus, computers run your lifestyle because half the things you think you are learning arent real. You can't trust certain sites or certain people. Being with ones you know and love is much more beneficial, because computers drag you in you are taken away from the real world. I feel that we should all take a stand against computers. They take away exercise, cause brain cells to die and other problems occur, and they can ruin your lifestyle. No one wants to be a lonely joke! Read a book, get outside and day; but stay away from die screen. There are better alternatives. Take a stand, and do @CAPS1 is best. Be the healthy, happy person, and lay off that computers, so that you can get the best of life!"	5	5	10
352	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3't it about time we start thinking more about the digital age. Computers has contributed so much to society for many years and up to this point I don't believe the world would be able to function without it.Some people say that computers @CAPS3't good for society but do they really believe that computers gave us the internet, email, most jobs depend on the internet, even games, and many more let me explain. First of all without computers there would be no internet and without that many jobs would fail. Most jobs need the internet to work like architects need the computer to design buildings and houses. Almost every office has computers for many different reasons. Writers need the computers to wright books, if they were hand writen some people might not be able to read it, so if there was no computers thousands of people would loose their jobs. My mothers works on a computer she would loose her job. Not only that but we need computers for school. If I had to write a paper on a person it would be almost impossible to do without looking up information about him on the internet. Also with writing a paper, some teachers only exept typed papers. How are we suppost to do that if we didn't have computers that makes home work a lot easier. Lastly, computers lets us explore new places. Goole @LOCATION1 is a map of every place on @LOCATION1 that we can see. If you need to find out where something is you can always count on the internet. If you need direction you can print them out off the internet. Also if you need to find out what somthing means instead of using an dictionary use the computer. Now can you see how much the computer benefits society. Some people say that other people take too long on the computer but you don't have to. I don't know any one that uses the computer for more then work or school."	4	5	9
353	"People often say that computers and technology are bad for you, but yet i think they have helped our society out very well. Computers help people through there trouble. Computers make our lives easier. By, when you buy things now there are computers adding and subtracting your amounts, They help people find out where to go, And last but not least they help friends and family stay in tuch with each other. With out computers we would have to wait in longer lines for what we want to buy. For instince stop & shop they have computers to check out people and the lines are already long enough. If we had no computers the lines would be even longer because then the people would have to add up the money by hand. Also with out computers you would not be able to weigh you good as fast as we do now in grosery stores we would have to hand weigh it. With out computer days at the grorsury stores would be very long. Without computers you would not have @CAPS1 and places online that give you directions. You would have to have use the bid maps driving to places. Those mapes could get lost wile you are driving. You can lose yout spot, And some times you @MONTH1 mark out the wrong spots on you map. With computers you can have @CAPS1, Online directions that can tell you the fastest and easest way to get to your place. Also with computers it saves papers on maps and we do not wast as much trees. Have you ever been in the situation were you want to go visit your family member out of state but you just dont have the money? well many people have and now insted of waisting (the money they dont have). They can video chat, talk, look at peoples pitchers and keep updated with them on the computer. You do not need to spend tons of money on it, it is all free, they are social networking sites. That people use to keep in tuch with family and friends. Those sites you have to use on. the computer so with out computers you would have to travel in a car waste money and the air with your car. In conclution i think computers have helped out society out very well!!!"	4	4	8
354	"Dear local Newspaper, @CAPS1 people use computers but not every one agress that it benefits society. In my opinion, computers benefit society. There are @CAPS1 websites that can help you find information. Computers also allow people to work easily. A third reason is @CAPS1 companies are able to use them to gain business. If you are doing a project or need to look up information about something, the internet is one of the easiest ways to find that information. Google.com has so much information about almost any topic you can think of. If you are a teenager that doesn't have a drivers license and there is no one to take you to the library, computers allow you to be able to hand in the report/project on time. There are also websites that find you direction, to where you need to go. Mapquest.com is a quick and easy way to help you figure out which way to go. Computers allow people to easily. If your family member lives far away and you don't have enough money for the phone bill, computers help you to not loose touch. There are websites that can help you keep in contact with old friends that you don't see anymore. Computers are one of the only ways that people fighting in the wars can talk to their relatives. They are not able to have phones and sending a letter can take a long time. Companies use computers for easy access to the public. If you are a new company, you can put a little ad on the sicle of the screen on yahoo.com and millions of people will see it. They of so use computers to make flyers easily and quickly. Making a hundred flyers by hand can take hours. But on the computers all you have to do is make one and then you can print out one-hundred. Using computers helps society. you can easily find what you are looking for and you are able talk to anyone you want. Also, it is easy for companies to attract business. Those are only a few of the @CAPS1 reasons why computers are good for society."	4	4	8
355	"Being a teen myself, my computer is something I don't think I would be able to live without. But is it holding me back from more important things? I think so. I feel that not having computers will in a way educate people more so than now. For example with school research papers we imediatly go to the computers in order to find information when we could be using books and magazeens. With having the use of computers many people don't properly know how to use and find information in books. Also being around computers and using them so much is pulling families further apart and stopping humans from being more interactive with nature and the environment. For many people using a computer is a life style, it's something we tend to use more than religiously and that @MONTH1 not be the best thing. Children, teens and even adults get extremly addicted to computers. Teens and children use laptops and @CAPS1's everyday in order to do their school work, and to talk with friends. As well as parents/adults, they use it to get their work done and use it as a easy communication with co-workers. To this very day people have become very addicted to computers. I know for certain that in my family, my mother, nor my father, nor my brother, nor I could go through a day without using a computer. As I mentioned before computers are also pulling families further apart. There is less family time and comunication between family members these days, due to computers. Insead of spending time with the family, teens prefer spending time on the computer chatting with their friends. I bet if there was a poll was taken on how much family time has been taken away in households because of computers I almost garentee it would be quite a large amount. I know the only true family time some families have without computers is dinner and that isn't much. Lastly many humans are not as connected to nature and as involved as they used to be. Using computer keeps people inside and not exposed to nature. Though there many advertisements and pop ups on the computer that inform us about how to take care of the earth properly, we so easily ignore them and remain playing on the computer than going outside and doing something to help make the world a better, clearer place. Not only is it just taking care of our earth, but it is also the fact that not many people these days go out and get the fresh air they need as much as they really should. Most likely not all of that is due to the use of computers, but I bet a great deal of it is. Like I said before it is super hard to imagine a day without a computer, I mean how would we communicate or do our work? But there are trulthfully other ways to do them that we just aren't very used to because of the fact that we are so attatched to them. I never really noticed till now that it is possible to live without a computer, and that so many people are missing increadable things such as family and nature because we are so addicted to the computers."	6	5	11
356	"Dear Local @CAPS1, I am deligted to write this letter to you. It has come to my attention that the people who support advances in tecnology believe that computers have a positive efffect on people. I agree with those people. I agree with them because one: you can communicate with your family and friends via email, via @CAPS2, via @CAPS3 ets. Number two: you can use a computer for research, and number three: it can tell you directions or give you info. on a resteraunt or place you want to go. I will now get into more detail on these three topics. You can communicate with your family or friends via computer. For example my friend amor, when we were best freinds and we were in third grade, he had to move to @LOCATION1. I cried the first day he moved. then the next week or so I got an email from him and so now we can keep in touch with each other. He comes & to @LOCATION2 every @DATE2 and we hangout with each other. Maybe one day, I will like to go visit him now In @LOCATION3 becasue he moved again, but I will have to do some research on @LOCATION3 first. With a computer you can research alot of things like this year our language @CAPS4 class read a book called ""my brother @CAPS5 is dead"" and it was a true story. Se we had to some research on the book and I found out that without computers how would I be able to research anything on the website it shared where everything , a description of the thing, and how to get there (diretions). Directions are very important. The show you how to get to a certain destination. You can get directions off a computer. I remember one year I had to go to my friends birthday party and we didn't know how to get there. So I went online on @DATE1 and we got the directions from there and we printed them out and we found the place in @NUM1 minutes. Without a computer we would have been able to find the house easily. You @MONTH1 disagree with me on this because a computer can have bad websites and can also became very addicting to some people, but I think I am right. Thank you for reading this letter, once again computers are good for the study!"	4	5	9
357	"Dear @CAPS1, I beleive that using computers is a good thing. They can help you learn about subjects of places you think are interesting you don't know about. They can help save the environment. These are the reasons why I think using computers is a good thing. First, they can help you learn about new subjects. Say you are doing a report for school on the @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 of the @CAPS2, but you didn't know any thing about them. You could just go sit at your computer, enter ""@ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 of the @CAPS2"" in a google search, and press enter. There you here hundreds even thousands of entries about the @ORGANIZATION1. You could sit forever and learn all about these magnificent creations. You can learn about any subject on a computer, at anytime. You could even learn about a computer and all of its history! Seond, they can help save the environment. People are always using paper and paper comes from trees. When we cut down trees we are harming our environment. We are depleeting our oxygen supply and destroying habitats of animals and insects. If everybody used computers, we would be using less paper. We could use to send documents and papers, we could bring to tax appointments and pair suits. Computers could even be used for school work. The teacher could asign the homework email it to the student the student could fill it out and email it back. Sure we would still have to use paper for somethings, but we would be using in way less. People could also use less fossil. We could talk via the internet and things like skype to communicate witness waring to and burn. Thirdly, computers could help us advance into the. Computers can help find ways to do many things such as better medical treatments, more efficient travel and even every day life. We could find better ways to treat serious medical conditions with the help of computers. We could find ways to treat cancers and maybe even the common cold. Computers could also hep us find more efficient way. They could help find a mroe efficient feel, efficient of it could help make a teleportation device. It could also help us explore deeper into space and find more planets and galaxies. Computers could also help us with our every day life. When you get up in the @TIME1, imagein being able to screen and being able to have a hot shower, your breakfast and your work equipment all ready within five minutes. That really would be the future of computers. Those are all of any reasons for having computers from school reasearch to space and beyond."	6	4	10
358	"@PERCENT1 of people agree that computers make life less complicated. I also agree with this. Using computers teaches hand-eye coordination, gives people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, and lets people talk online with other people. I think that these are all very important. Why wouldn't you want to have strong hand-eye coordination? I think this a very important skill. Computers help teach hand-eye coordination and they keep it strong. While you're looking at the screen your hand is moving the mouse where you want it to go. Good hand-eye coordination is used for a lot of things; mostly everything. If you play some sports like baseball, hand-eye is one of the most important elements. Why not make that stronger off of the feild? Also, hand-eye can be used to @ORGANIZATION1 while taking notes. Hand-eye is involved with almost everything you do. you can't have a poor hand-eye coordination or else you won't be able to function properly. @NUM1 out of @NUM2 doctors agree that hand-eye very important for healthy living. "I love to travel, but I want to know about the place I'm going to before I get on the phone to go there." said @PERSON1, a science teacher at @ORGANIZATION1. He feels the way, I'm sure, a lot of people feel. They want to know about the place they are going to and they want it to be current. The computer has plenty information about a lot of different places in the world. Some books don't offer as much information or they need to be updated. Computers are also very good for learning about other cultures and traditions. No one wants to be ignorant right? People want to know what's going on in the world quick and easy. The computer does this. I remember when I was about @NUM2, our phone broke in our house. We couldn't go out and get one right away either. The only way we were able to communicate with our family and friends was by computer. The computer made it easier to e-mail everyone and tell them why we weren't answering our house phone. This happens more often than you think. People need to communicate through computer a lot. At work, if you need to talk to an employee or co-worker and you can't leave your desk, you can just e-mail the information to them. @NUM4 out of @NUM2 employees say that it is much faster and easier to e-mail information as opposed to talking them on the phone or in person. A lot of people agree that computer make life a lot easier. Computers teach hand-eye coordination and they let you communicate with other people. The most critical reason is that computers let people learn about faraway places and people. You can make a difference in the way people feel about computers. Write to your local newspaper. It's now or never!"	5	5	10
359	"Since computers were invented, a colossal change in the way society functions has taken place. People how can go on to their computers to communicate with peers, get information on any topic for a school paper, or just because the internet to watch videos and stories. Magazine and newspaper articles, books and even movies and shows sre available on today's computer! This advancement in technology has made the @NUM1 century the most modern era this world has ever seen, and is beneficial to society. The ""computer age"" has given people in today's society the incredible opportunity to broaden their imaginations through technology. You can, in less than one minute go on the internet type in to @ORGANIZATION1 whatever movie or book you want and start watching instantly. People have always said that books can take you anywhere you want. Well, the computers can do the same thing, expect with greater efficiency and with more places to choosen from. You can, instead of buying a book, go online and read of the faraway city of @LOCATION1, or of the eruption of the @CAPS1 @CAPS2, and you can do it with mind-blowing speed. Some think that by wasting time on computers, people are using up time that could be spent studying or with family. Howeer, any information needed to your knowledge on a topic can be found on the internet. And if you want to spent time with your family, you can even look your computer up to a tv and watch a free movie with the family! The computer age is here and it is exactly. What society needs. Picture this: you're doing a school project on the you know nothing about it. Would you rather drive minutes going and thirty minutes looking withb everything you need, or do you think it's more to spend five minutes looking for the website you need on the internet? Obviously, the later of the is much more reasonable. The computer makes getting research for school or work substantially easier. In addition,you can create entire presentations on a computers with surprising ease! Being an eighth grade student, I dont know I would ever do woithout the internet. I rely on my computer to get all of my research for almost every project, and I even make some of my best project on it! The computer is the likes of all the hard working students and adults much, much easier. People's lives have not only been made easier in the field of research; computer make communicating with friends and familyeasier as well! Through e-mail, video chat and instant messaging., we can communicate with whoever we would, whenever we wort. With some computers, you can even see and talk to any person you wish. Without these computers, we will one again have to resort to snail mail, whcih makes instant communication @CAPS3 telephones, we would have no other way to talk. Computers have enhanced communication chill likes so graetly that it's foolish to say their not beneficial to society. How can a machine with so many abilities be for see the computer as a brooden research for school and we want! Bottom line the computer age is here and its amazing."	6	6	12
360	"Dear local newspaper, I agree with the people that support advances in technology. I believe computers have a positive effect on people because they can be used to learn, communicate, and entertain. My first reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because it can be educational. Many people believe computers are good for nothing. Even though they can be use for many things like research! For example, if you are a student you @MONTH1 need to do a project. Computers would be easier for you to collect research than a book. Another reason why computers are educational is because you can use them to read. You can buy virtual books that you can read right on your computer. Not only is that education but that also helps the environment because you would be saving paper. Sometimes you @MONTH1 simply be curious about something, your computer will be right their for you to use. Computers also have another positive effect on people, they can be used for communication. Nobody likes a distant family, but with a computer you can communicate with family and friends from all over the world! This effect is positive because it helps everyone stay in touch. Many people have very busy lives and don't have time in write a letter or make phone call. So, instead those people could just quickly and easily send a email no instant message to who ever they need to talk to. Some experts are concerned that people too much time on the computer and less time excercising, enjoying nature and interacting both friends and family. These experts don't realize that you can use a computer to instead with friends and family. A computer many family thing. You can watch movie as a family or multiplayes games together on the computer. on the computer is a postive effect because while doing on the computer as a family you would for example, using a computer to be entertaind is safer than doing something entertaining . Where you and your family would be to many dangers. There are various reasons why I believe computers have a positive effect on people. Computers can be used to learn, communicate, and entertain. Those are only my main reasons they are many more. And that is why I support advances in technology and behave computers have a positive effect on people."	4	4	8
361	"Dear Newspaper, I think people need computers. It helps them see the world if they can't. It can be used to send important messages to people that are farther away from you. Also if someone has a parent or loved one far away they can see each other through the computer. So here is examples of these three things. Some people can't physically or mentally and can't afford to travel. Its sad how some people are so sick with a disease or illness that they can't go places. But if they go on the internet they can look up pictures and information of places they've never been to which can help them see the world better. But there are people who can help them see the world better. But there are people who have fears which prevent them from travelling to different places. So thet could go to the internet and find ways to help them get over their fears. Which in turn will allow them to get over their fears and let them travel to places. Then there are people who can't afford it. So the internet can help find a good job that pays good money which they can use to afford to travel the world and see it for what it is. What if you need to send a really important message to someone to prevent them doing something or help them live or even stop a war. So take into reconsideration if there is a war going on for a miss understanding. So if the government figures out what happened and they know how to straightin out the situation then they could send a message to the attackers. What happened and that it wasn't what they thought we did then they would stop fighting and the war would be over. What if a bomb is in the white house you would want to get out of the building or find it and disarm it. So then a guy finds out about it and send a message to the white house and that would save all the people in the white houses lives. Sometimes loved ones go away to some where far away and you can't talk or see them. Someones in the military and he/she has a kid so the computer allows them to see and talk to them through a webcam which would keep the child and parent together and not seperate them. Also you see a friend in facebook who you haven't seen in years so you friend him and you guys get back in touch with each other and you can be friends with them again. So in conclusion the computer can do many helpful things. It can fix relationships, save lives, help you get over fears and see the world. Which isn't bad sure we sometimes go over board with it but it is very useful. It isn't horrible but it is sometimes bad but also sometimes good but"	5	5	10
362	"Dear Local Newspaper, Computers are a huge thing now adays. Almost everyone has one that they use. But why do some people think that it is hurting our society. This isn't right because you need it for education, people aren't on all day, and a job. So how could those things be harmful to society. Your right they can't. Every single person has had some type of education. But how can you have an education with out a computer. If you rae working and you need to get another degree for your job. You can't go during the day so you can find a school that has online schooling, for at night. That way you don't miss work and you still get your schooling. Another reason why is that a school project or essay. You might need the computer to search up things for a project. Or cite your sorces. What if you need to type an essay what do you do then. No computers no education and you will go and works at @CAPS1 or something. Where you don't need an education. But people aren't on all day so what does that do to society. Nothing at all. Kids and adults go outside and have fun. They go on the computer to check e-mails, play games, look at facebooks/myspaces. But they have enough responcibility to go out and get fresh air. And if they sit in side then it isn't your problem because it is their life and they want to live it their way. Not the way everyone else wants them to. They can make choices for thier self and don't need others, to do it for them. So it really shouldn't effect you at all. What if at you job you need the internet. Most office people have a computer to talk to others by e-mail or to fix problems. People who work at about need the computer to access your account to get your money. People that estimate the cost of a building need it for adding something or keeping a record. The video games are a perfect example because the programers use a computer to porgram what you want to happening the game and thet takes hours to complete. So how are computers harmful to society because I still don't see it. Education, people aren't on all day and a job are really good reason that computers should becept. So everyone I strongly encourage you to reconsider what could happen without computers."	4	4	8
363	"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1 @CAPS2 you think that children spend to much time on the computer. The issue that is going around is @CAPS2 computers have good effects on people or bad ones. I strongly believe that they have bad effects on people. I believe this because people spend more time on the computer than they @CAPS2 exerciseing. Another reason is that people argue it teaches hand eye coordination, well so does sports and just playing. My last reason is that people argue that it is some thing that helps you learn about people and far away places, but books @CAPS2 the same thing. I know alot of people feel that computer have good effects but the truth is they have bad ones. First, people spend more to on the computer than they @CAPS2 exerciseing. People rather stay inside and play games on the internet then go outside and play tag or any sport. On a talk it was said that, ""In @LOCATION1 people are alot over wieght"", and it was also said that the number of over wieght people in the world was the of @LOCATION2"". So I believe that people should get of the computer and exercise. Secondly, people think that it teaches hand eye coordination but so @CAPS2 sports. Instead of being on the computer learning hand eye. You could be out side learning hand eye coordination. Again instead of just sitting at the computer your outside running around haveing fun while you learn hand eye coordination. My last reason is, that people argue that people use it to learn about far away places and people, but they have books for that too. People rather look stuff up on the computer but as soon as they're finsh the start playing games or the computer. Also some of the information might not even be true. Because people hack sights all the time and change things but you can't hack a book. The only thing you can @CAPS2 to change it is to rip out pages and that only waste your money to a new book. So I believe that books are more reliable. Now is the time to make your disicion. @CAPS2 computers have good or bad effects. I believe that computers have bad effect on people. Other things could teach you remarkable hand eye coordination and other great sources to about other place then the computer. Most importantly people should spend more time exerciseing the they @CAPS2 on the computer. Now it time for you to go ahead and put this on the front page of your newspaper and let the whole world know. "	4	4	8
364	"Dear Newspaper, I'm writing to you about the debate that you are having asking if people should use computers. The article stated ""more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society."" I think people should not use computers. Also technolgy needs to slow down, it's getting to advanced. My first reason why people need to stop spending time on computers is, you don't want to always say to your on your honeymoon ""we could to @LOCATION1 from our computer. And your life will go by fast and you want notice it, your all fat and old. Also @PERCENT1 of people who use computers are over weight because they don't exercis. Secondly the more technology there is, we are going to have less. In addition it feels better when you work and not just sit on your computer, getting a mounthly cheak. In conclusion you live a happier life when explore the. In @PERCENT2 of people who use computer commit suicide. Also if it was or to me I would the use of computers. Bead all the about computers and you will think but like me. I use to be a computer geek."	4	3	7
365	"Dear newspaper people I think computers are good because wat if I have a family member that gose out of town and you want to stay in tuch and I dont have a phone then I can go-on a chatting web sight and stay in with them. When @CAPS1 bored I go on google to look up and pichers and play some games. You can look up one think and find something elsa, but it will cech your eyes. Computers are good were ever you go, it can look up for a project for school. Bur ween you are in school it can help you with spelling, and if u got to know wat contrey has the most people the @CAPS2 will find the ancer as fast as a snap. Computers are advanceing every year. Seart the @CAPS2 was just a screan and a mouse, now we got laptops that you can tack every were. People can get exercis if thay want and thay can enjoy nature thay can bring a laptop. But when you are exercising then you can go right to youtube and lison to some musick and wach funny videos. And thats whay I think computers are good."	3	3	6
366	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 register, I am writting you to urge you that the affect computers have people is helpful. The reason I say the computers are helpful is because it helps give direction helping the economy and because you can send messages thru quickly (instant messaging). Read on so I could let you know how and why these things about the computer are helpful. @CAPS7 I know I said computers help gives direction but let me explain it like this. You know when you need to go out somewhere far and you don't know how to act there and have no @CAPS3 in your car. Well then think about it on computer is your only option left. Like for example when I was going down south @DATE1 we didn't have no @CAPS4.P.S and we didn't know how to get their. So our only option was the computer. We logged on to google on found our direction @NUM1. So this is the first reason @CAPS7 read the next on. Okay, okay, okay. @CAPS7 we all know the way our economy is rediculous. Away computers helping our economy is instead of people driving to go pay there bills, they could pay online. Because it's saving money and the state won't have to pay for questions to get gas for the cars often or get re-build. Like for example this gas station near my house is getting re-built because something went wrong with the pipes @CAPS7 this is costing us all about @MONEY1. @CAPS7 say this isn't away we could save the economy. Its about time to move to the next reason. Listen here, here, here's my @DATE1 reason how computers are helpful. Im other known as instant messaging. This is helpful if you don't have a house phone nor on cellphone and you wanna tell you a family member or friend something really bad had happened then you could tell thru by instant messaging (@CAPS5) because they would surely would get it. Like one time my friend aint have a house phone nor cellphone and somebody was trying to brake into her house she had instant message me to let me know because it could get send to my cellphone. And I called her mom to let her know and befor I know it another massage was coming thru saving ""@CAPS6 you."" @CAPS7 after reading how computers are helpful by helping give direction, save the economy and instant messaging, could you agree with me saying computers are helpful. Its still your opinion but you read minds so think about what you read on say it isn't true."	4	5	9
367	"Dear @LOCATION1 press, I have recently heard about many arguments based on computers ruining society. I strongly disagree with this. I think the computer is a great way to hook up with old friends. The internet is also faster for research than looking in a book and there are many games on the internet. I believe that the internet is a great way to hook up with old friends. Some people have moved away and I haven't been able to talk to then. Now, with the internet I can able to talk again. The same case with my mom. She had friends from high school and college who she ever talked to. Now, with facebook she has re united with them. This also helps because you can email someone interested of sending a letter in the mail, which costs money, unlike email. So the internet can also be a way of saving money. It is also much faster to send someone an email than a letter. The internet is a great way to keep intouch with friends and relatives. I also believe that the use of computer is more efficient than doing to a library and researching a book. If you don't have enough time to go the to a library, you can do some research at your house. What if the library is closed if you do go, then you wasted some time. The internet never closes, it is open @NUM1. What if you go to the library and they are open, but do hot have a book on your subject? This can also be done on the internet because there is any thing you could ever ask for on the internet. If you have an over due library book you can renew the book on the internet. The internet is a great place research on any topic you have or doing what ever you want. Finally, the computer is great for playing about every game, there is that you would feel like playing. Also @CAPS1 of spending about @MONEY1 on an x-box and a game, you @MONTH1 only have to spend about @MONEY2 on a game that goes into your computer. There are also many websites that have games on them. Some websites are for specific games, and same have many games on them. Only a few of the games are interactive with other players and you can talk and make new friends. On the other hand, many games are only for one player. As a result, a computer is a great use to play games. In conclusion, I believe the computer is great need for our society. In the long run it will pay off, especially with the economics problems our country is having now, by helping us save money,. It will also allow connection with old friends, save time, and provide entertainment to all who would like."	5	4	9
368	"Dear local newspaper, I strongly believe computers can be bad for society. My reasons being people are spending to much time on their computers, less time exercising, and lose interacting with family and friends. My first reason why i think computers are bad for our society is people are spending to much time on them. I know when i get home from school the computer is all i can think about until i go on. It's like an addiction. People spend all their time on a social net work other then going out and meeting new people. My second reason is people spend less time exercising. Ive been over a friends house before, and all we did was play computer games instead of enjoying nature outside. Alot of @CAPS1 don't make healthy food choices, so why not go out and exercise? It's because of the computer. Ive seen my little brother spend his whole saterday eating in front of the computer and playing games. It's just unhealthy. My last and final reason is it takes time away from family and friends ive spent my whole day after school in my room on the computer. It's like when your on the computer nothing else matters because you think ""hey why not just talk to my friends over @CAPS2, or myspce, or facebook! you lose a lot of friendships like this. Also you lose friendship with you family because you badly talk to them while your on the computer. Half the time im to busy talking to someone i don't know then helping my little brother with home work, or helping my mom clean the house. In conclusion these are my three reasons why i think the computer is bad for sivilization. I really hope you take all this into consideration and really think what the computer can do to @CAPS1 I people once again those three resons are one, people are spending to much time on their computer. Two, spend less time exercising. Three, lose interactions with family and friends."	4	4	8
369	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 are not bad for society. They actually can be quite good for people. Computers allow us to talk with people online. They can help us in school and give information we need to do things in life. People think they are bad, but all you have to do is look a little deeper and you will find the good in @CAPS7. @CAPS5 people use a @CAPS2, <@PERCENT2@NUM1> of the time @CAPS7 is to talk with people on the @CAPS3, whether @CAPS7 is using video chat or e-mail. People who don't like to use @CAPS2 and e-mail @CAPS10 ""@CAPS4 not use a phone or even talk to them in person."" With e-mail, you can send a message to some one miles away. If you are sending someone a list, a recipe for example. you don't want to @CAPS10 to them over the phone. @CAPS7 would be easier to type @CAPS7 out and then send @CAPS7 to them over the e-mail. ""@CAPS5 my son said. he was going to tech me how to use e-mail, I thought @CAPS7 was going to be a waste of time,"" @CAPS6 @PERSON1, senior citizen. ""@CAPS7 tursns out, @CAPS7 wasn't. Now i use e-mail e-mail every day. Many people think email is a waste of time, but @CAPS7 can help you in your everyday life. The @CAPS3 can helps in @MONTH1 ways also. @CAPS7 can help us get information about various topics. If you are trying to cook a stir fry but you don't know what to put in @CAPS7. You try to call you mother but she isn't there. Your next choise is to look look @CAPS7 up on the @CAPS2. @CAPS7 turns out theres a website that gives a recipe for a stir fry and you follow a do make the best one even. I know for an experience that you can find maps to places on line, since i have to go some is here almost everyweek. Google map is the most used place on the @CAPS3, besides e-mail. Some newspaper have websites @CAPS11 you can read the paper without actually paying for the paper This saves you money and @CAPS7 was less paper @CAPS11 we can save trees. The huge world of the @CAPS3 can change our lives. @PERCENT1 of people that use the @CAPS2 almost everyday are students. Students use the @CAPS2 for many reasons. The biggest one is typing. Students use typing to type reports and e-mail. ""I have messy handwriting"", @CAPS10 student, @PERSON2. ""@CAPS11 if if weren't for the @CAPS2, no one would be able to read my homework and reports. Not even me"" @PERSON2 is the one of many people who are lucking that they harmy typing on the @CAPS2. Another reason students use @CAPS2 is to look up information for reports. If a student puts a bibliography in his report, you will see that he/she used the @CAPS3 @PERCENT2 of the time. There @MONTH1 not be a book in a local library for a student to use, but the @CAPS3 will have many website and blogs for him/her to use. The third reason is for help. There are many website that can help a student to use for help in any subject. The @CAPS3 can help a student pass school. A @CAPS2 can help anyone from talking to someone to helping a student with science. That is how computers are good."	5	5	10
370	"Dear, newspaper writer I think the computer has a posative effect of people because @CAPS1 helps people around the world learn to speak a different language, @CAPS1 helps people talk to their friends around the world and @CAPS1 helps people by making @CAPS1 easier to write a letter and send @CAPS1 out to people they work for or to their bosses that need the report in by the end of the day. Those are the three reason that computers have a posative effect. @CAPS1 helps people learn to speak a different language without spending a lot of money like using rosetta stone you have to spend @NUM1 us dollars but online you dont have to spend a dime. the best part is that @CAPS1 is free. The slogan for rosetta stone is ""I have spent less money than months of formal classes."" I think their new slogan should be is "" we have a better learning company than anyone else."" That is why @CAPS1 helps people learn a different language. @CAPS1 also helps people by making @CAPS1 easier to talk to their friends you can aim, web cast, and ever text to make @CAPS1 easier @CAPS1 talk to friends on the internet. The reason they created that is so people dont have to travel to far away places and spend money to tell a friend important news that is only one thing. So in conclusion you dont have to spend a lot of money to tell a friend something. The third reason that the computer helps people is that people san e mail theor boss that they are faxing their final repoet to the big interview for a new position in the place where they work, @CAPS1 helps your boss by making @CAPS1 easier to read and @CAPS1 better because you could be in japan and your boss could be in florida @CAPS1 will take like @NUM2 minutes to get to your bosses computer. That is why @CAPS1 is easier to send messages to your boss. The three main reasons are that you can learn a different language without paying a dime that you can talk to your friends easier and that you can send messages to your boss easier that calling him or her. Those are the three reasons that computers are posative."	4	4	8
371	"Dear editor, Have you ever would to know something so badly that you can't focus on anything else? Have you ever tried to find that information and had an""ah-hah!"" moment? What did you use to search for this knowledge? You probably used a computer. All you need to do is type in your request, hit "" enter"" and viola! Your screen fills with choices of information sites. Computers help so many people with everyday questions. Our country has gotten smarter because of computers. You can converse with friends that have moved across the state, country, or even world. At every click of your mouse there are new things to learn. You can even use the computer for your personal enjoyment. Computers have opened up so many opportunities the world needs to lake. When I was four years old, my best friends at the time moved to florida. I was devastaded. At first, we tried writing letters to each ohter. Then, as we grew older and became busier and busier, or connection with each other halted. As technology and computers have advanced, my friend and I text, e-mail, and instant message each other all the time. It has made our long distance friendship easier and closer. Because of computers, you can communicate with friends you thought were long-lost. You can also meet new people with one of the many sites available. How would you like to talk with someone all the way down in @LOCATION2? World communication has also opened up many business opportunities. Since the economy is failing, computers will open job spaces, help college students study for their futur career, and hopefully help to improve the lives of many people. Communication is needed for many things to make our world better for generations to came. Instead of going to a noisy arcade, why not play exciting games right in the privacy of your. Any game you can think can probably be found on the @CAPS1. From a simple game of solitare to an advanced level of shift, games for any age and difficulty level can be found. New, some people @MONTH1 think that all kids are going to do is sit in front of the computer and play games. There are going to be some peole that will refuse to go outside, spend time with their friends or just read outside. There will definitely be some people like that. I can't help it. What we can do is all those that refuse to go outside to do so. I know many people who spend and budget their time wisely and still have a great time. We can also encourage kids to use exercise programs on their computers and video games to improve their health. There are many fun and games that help you to be a better and healthier person while still having fun. The computers we have in our homes right now are equipped with so much information that if you tried to take it all in are you would be overwhelmed. @ORGANIZATION1, a popular search engine, gives you the power to look up anything you could ever wait to know from the vice president's birthday to the price of eggs in @LOCATION4 to how wide the @LOCATION1 is can all be found with the click of a button. this knowledge helps with homework assignments incredibly. Most reference books are out of date and information is inaccurate, but computers are updated so frequently, you have all the facts all the time. I think our country has gotten much smarter because of computers. So whether you want to talk to your long-lost friend in @LOCATION2 or talk to an expert on osprey in @LOCATION3, you can find your answer on the computer. While you're at it, play a couple exciting games and learn about the best movies ever released in @DATE1. Have fun and learn lots!"	5	6	11
372	"I agree with the many peole that but benefits society. Computers can be used as a learning tool, allows communication with distant family and friends. Lastly computers give you something to do in your free time, such as playing games. First of all, I know many people think that others wasted their time on computers. But most computer users us the computer as a tool to learn and get work done. There are many educational websites that people can go to to learn about any subject want. If you want to know more about different cultures such as @CAPS1 @CAPS2. There are websites to tell you everything you wih want to know. Computers also help yet work done. There are multiple programs designed to make writing papers or presenting information much easier @MONTH1 people use these programs to yet ahead in their work and present facts easier by using these programs it is very hard to lose and work that you do because it is all saved into the computer. Next, computers are agreat way for many people to pass some free time. Many websites are designed for this reason. Some allow you to play games and other websites let you watch video made by other people, while some people @MONTH1 spend to much time on this many offers know moderaton and spread their time even other websites hard videos that are used to portray important issues, for example the president has given many through @CAPS4 videos because more often people are on their computers and not watching television. Lastly, computers are a great way to communate with distant firends and family. There are so many ways to do, such as email, or many of the social networking websites. My family being immigrants from another country my family. Thinks this is a vauables tool for talking with our family, and I am sure that htere are many ohters who use the computer this way as well. People also make and keep in touch with great friends through the @CAPS4. I use @CAPS3-mail as a way to keep in touch with many of my friends that I haven't seen in tears, my parents have also found long lost friends that they had before we moved through facebook I also allows people to communate important ideas faster than a letter could. Many scientists use the @CAPS4 to publish ideas and experiments. Finally, I agree with people who sad computers benefits society computers help by being a tool to learn and get work done, pass free time and see important information and lastly computers allow communcation with very far and distant family members."	4	5	9
373	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I understand that there has been somethings going on with computers. People think they're good. People they're bad. Other people just don't care. People just don't understand the present day. Society is a whole lot different then when parents were kids. People just don't get modern day society. I'm going to tell you the advantages and disadvantages to computers. There are a lot of advantages to computers. You can find information fast. Communication with people around the world is a huge advantage. Computers keep kids and teens entertained. There are games on websites. Computers are the thing we use today. A lot of things are done by computers, computers also prevent you from wasting money on books because you could just google it. There are a lot of disadvantages to computers. They cost a lot of money. Computers can down. There could also be dumb websites that have no purpose like facebook and myspace. Computers are complicated if you don't grow up with them it's hard to learn. The government has all they're information in computers. If they didn't people would be able to steal information a lot. Computers are the greatest thing we've invented so far. It helps with a lot of tasks these days. There are infinite numbers of information in the world and computers help find it. I hope that this letter informed you more about computers. Good and bad things come from this. But, it is mostly good. Kids and teens would be so bored that they would the parents insane."	4	4	8
374	"@ORGANIZATION1, In the @DATE1 computers have help man kinds. Computers are every where in a schools, homes band business across a @CAPS1. They help people in many ways depending on the what the person wants to set done. The ways that I use my computer is by staying in contact with my friends, a family, and it also helps me with my school work. I have been a live for @NUM1 @DATE1 and have already live in @NUM2 different states: @LOCATION3, @LOCATION1, @LOCATION2, and now @CAPS2 you would think I would have had lots of friends living in so many places. How do I stay in contact with them you @MONTH1 use? I use various and @CAPS3. If you get rid of computers I would not be able to stay in contact with tem anymore. Moving from place to place was very hard and sad thing to do for me. Another hard thing to do for me was moving away from my family, but thank to technology and computers I stay in contact with them. Imagine you haven't seen you family in @NUM3 @DATE1, well sadly thats my life so many birthday @CAPS4 all the family you can see is you parents. School another great example where society benefits from computers students and teachers use them everyday to learn. In my opoion learning is the greatest thing. One of my friends, @PERSON1, said this about the dell computers we use in the library "@CAPS4 ever u don't get something about what we learned in @CAPS5 class that day. I use the computers to better understand it. Computers are a great way to research a topic, and thats why they should not be gotten rid of. I use computers every day for two reasons for school, researching or writing a project for any of my classes. Everyday I spend at least @NUM4 our writing something up for school. Computers help lessen the time spend writing it because it is fast and easy it is easy to type something, like a @CAPS6 paper on the ways to persuassive the readier. In the end computers are something we I need in are life because it makes life simpler. If I was to send a message to some of my friends in @LOCATION2 through @CAPS7 it would take seconds. Instead if I was to use the @ORGANIZATION2 it would take days. A life with out computers is a lot harder to do things, that we cant make simpler with computers"	4	4	8
375	"@ORGANIZATION1, Computers have great effects that are positive towards people. This is @CAPS3 it teaches hand eye cordanation, allows people to learn about far away places, and to talk to other people online. Computers have great positive effects for everyone. Computers teach hand eye cordanation. When a person is typing they are using their hands to type while looking at the monitor for the letters. Computer games help to teach this @CAPS3 in the game things happen very quickly so the person has to ee whats going on and click the correct key fast thus improving hand eye @CAPS1 greatly. Studys do show that people who use computers have a @PERCENT1 better hand eye @CAPS1 then some one who dosen't. Coumputers help hand eye @CAPS1 and they can teach you about far away places. Someone can learn about far away places by searching it up online. They will get many facts about that place. Sheral from @LOCATION4 said "I heard some one at school mention @LOCATION2 and didn't know a thing about it so I searched it and got a ton of facts." This shows the computer can help someone learn about foiren countrys and they can talk to people far away. Using the computer soemone could talk to you while your hundreds or thousands of miles away. Tehy can do this through e-mail of video chat. a @CAPS2 showed that seven out of ten people prefer video chat @CAPS3 its faster and the two people can see each other. However either way they are still fast ways to contact a person far away. Jack from @LOCATION1 said "@CAPS3 of video chat I was able to talk to and see my cousin from @LOCATION3 who I almost never see. This gos to show that the computer is a positive thing for people. The computer is helpful in so many ways it teaches hand eye cordniation, it allows people to learn about far away places and it allows for people to talk to other people. Computers are a great thing for everyone."	4	4	8
376	"Has your daughter or son ever asked you that they want computer in their school? Were you ever baffled when they said they were talkking about @CAPS2 in the school, that they can teach hand eye coordination, gives them the ability to learn from far away places, or even allow them to talk to people all around the world? What did you think about that? Did you agree? If you did then your thinking about the positive side and not the negative. Many reasons why I don’t agree. Saftey, the money, health. Many people said that its good to interact with other people but not all the time if your son or daughter interacts with people they @CAPS1 know are you going to be worried.? They can be asked who they are, were they live. Sometimes they even ask if they can meet up face to face. My friend @PERSON2 said her school got those computers and her friend @PERSON3 was asked to meet or with somebody she never knew and she ended up saying yes and @PERSON2 says she nevered showed up. Would you ever want that to happen to your child? Well this is only the begining. Once your child’s school gets computers they will be addicted to @CAPS2, @PERSON1 said that ""if a child does not go out and enjoy there childhood but they want concentrate on their homework, they will just eat and be on the computer eventually they will become obese.” @CAPS2 is very imperative that your child does go out and have fun and get exercise because then they will just be on the computers @NUM1. Have you ever wondered that? Another thing is the school will have to pay alot of money, if your child ever damages the computers then you will also have to pay a lot of money too. Not only if your childs school gets computers @CAPS2 will benefit you guys alot. I trolly and sincerly do not belive that students should get computers. Also your students computers @MONTH1 get viruses because of inappropriate sites. Then your going to pay for that as well. Lastly the school will not have enough money for materials. What will you do?!? Your child is not there to be addicted to computers your child is there for education! Do you still support these computers!? I hope not because there is a @PERCENT1 chance that they will or will not get @CAPS2. Hopefully I gave you enough information about the saftey, money and health. This is very urgent situation so please be aware."	4	4	8
377	"Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1 technology was grown exponetially during the last few years. The use of computers especially has sky-rocketed. However, I beleive this is not somthing to be excited about. The use of computers all the time can effect people's health, family and friends, and their apprciation of Nature. The ove useage of computers is a huge problem. Have you ever sat infront of a computer screen for hours on end? If so, you know the feeling of sleepiness and irritability. The lack of exercise while using a computer impacts people more than they realize. Excessive use of ocmputers has been linked to obesity and high blood pressure. the more people use the computer, the higher their blood pressure. Just sitting infront of a screen is terrible for people's bodies. To stay healty, only use the computer when it's absolutely neccesary. Going on all the time can seperate you from others. This g eneration, adolecents especailly, use the computer to comunicate with others more than actually talking to them. Communicateing only over the computer can draw them away from people socially. Not ot mention how fast rumors and secrets spread over the internet. Useing the computer can ruin relationships even those with family. Being neglegent of family by always being on the computer can draw people apart. Families can became a non-important thing. People can't pay atttention to their families while sucked into a computer screen. Computers are creating false substitutes for almost everthing, even nature. Humans started out living i nthe wild, gathering food from the land and giving back by raplanting. Our connection with nature was strong. We needed it to thrive. Nowadays, however, instead of listening to the sound of rain and the crinkling of dry leaves, people prefer high pitched artificial beeping and the classic ""You've got mail."" People do not appreciated nature as they used to, as they should. The beauty of nature is simply overlooked as if it's nothing special. Well, without it we wouldn't be alive. Life cannot exist with nothing to thrive off of. We can hop on our computers and look at pictures of nature on @ORGANIZATION1. com, or we can grab our shoes and see it for ourselves. No one can experience the greatness of nature while on the computer. No one can experience the feel of cool lake water sliding over their skin or a hot @DATE1 day while emailing a friend. It can't be done. Computers have robbed us of our ability to experience creature. In conclusion, computers are horrid for people. They can affect health, friends and family, and appreciation of nature. We must use computers only when neccesary in order to stay healthy. Instead of going online, get going outside."	5	5	10
378	"@CAPS1 dinners ready "okay mom, one second' click, click, click. Are you hearing this from your children than usual? Well if you are than you need to listen to this upcoming message. We the @ORGANIZATION1 believe are children and adults are spending too much time in their laptops or computers. They're not out exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with their family, these problems could lead to begger problems that @MONTH1 have already taken affect like: @CAPS2, financial problem and then to depression. So keep reading and think what you hear that could or has happened to you. @CAPS2 is a huge thing to worry about kids all over @LOCATION1 are on their computer than outside. Ever day I see my nephew on his computers I see him getting fatler and fatts every day. Studies have shown that children and adults that own as facebook or myspace account, they gaim about @NUM1 pounds every @NUM2 moths. If they're even on @NUM3 to @NUM2 hours a day they'll gain @NUM5 pounds every month. Sooner or later the state is going to have the @CAPS2 level from @PERCENT1 to @PERCENT2 @ORGANIZATION1 people who are obesy. This could lead to loss @ORGANIZATION1 jobs laziness. When people spend most @ORGANIZATION1 their time on facebook and myspace than they could lose their job's. More than @PERCENT3 @ORGANIZATION1 the state citizens own a facebook or myspace. So when people are addicted to them they're spend more time on that thatn the steff the have to do for their jobs. So then they'll get firm one can't pay bills, loans, and mortage. This then will all tead to depression. Depression is all over the state even the country. People are losing jobs left and right cause their computers and internets. People are even comiting climer like murded and even attemps @ORGANIZATION1 suicide cause @ORGANIZATION1 loss @ORGANIZATION1 jobs or family members. Some people are even so addicted to the internets and girths @ORGANIZATION1 new born family member. This depression needs to stop. So fight for the right to stop the addiction @ORGANIZATION1 internet use and live a great life. Drop the computer sead as book, meet up with friends and family, keep your jobs. Don't let these reson come between you and your life."	5	4	9
379	"Dear, local newspaper, Some people are starting to belive that the computers are effecting people @CAPS1 also on that side because some people would stay on it all day, get edictded to it and want do nuthing all day. First reason why computers are effecting people because some people would study on it all day some people when get homw from school or wry they go right on the computer. They would stay on from @NUM1 to @NUM2 at night on the computer and do it nthe next day. Another reasons why computer are effecting people edictded to it because there off all those freind, plus when think on the computer things final reason computer people siting computer. So those are reasons are stay on some edictded do anything."	4	3	7
380	"Dear editor of the @ORGANIZATION1, In my opinion I think people are spending to much time on technology because their is many people I know who stay on technology and don't even do work. Also, spending to much time on the computers and others things then taking time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. People who stay to close to there technology will be addicted to it and they will start to kill brain cells. Some times people get locked because to much information was given out or you did somthing that you were'nt suppose to do. Downloading certain things also bring harm to your computer like viruses that can crash downthe computer hard drive and system. There are many good and bad thing about being on a computer like the bad things stalkers, hackers, seizers, blindness. Then the good thing about being on a computer is it teaches hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, even allow people to talk online with other like friends or family. In my life it helps a little because I play lots of army games so when I go out with my cousins and friends we go label tagging in a sports complex and I use the same tactics that i learn to beat the other teams. It hurts some people eye site when all their doing is stairring durectly at eh screen. one experience was like @NUM1 months ago the last time I stayed at my aunts house all my cousins do was stay on th ga me till they have to take a bath, clean and eat, They didn't even go to sleep till eight in the @TIME1. Some parents should at least give an hour a day to say he game. For me I only go on the computer for like twenty minutes then log and go back online later on in the day."	4	4	8
381	"Imagine how people felt back then when there weren't any great technology. What if you didn't see your best friend in years and you lived long distance? Well now its this advance machine called a computer. Its very great and its a well hands on activity, that helps you with eye cornation. However, @CAPS1 going to tell you somethings about this device and now it affects humuns daily life. Moreover, the catogories are have a great relationship, online cources, and be on the best local websites. Did you know about @PERCENT1 of @CAPS2 have a successful life with online-dating. There's tons of people who struggle with relationships. For example, one day my mom and dad got into a series of arguments. She felt that the relationship wasn't good enough and she needed to meet a better man. On the other hand, she decided to live a better life and find dates (over the computer) and live a new life. These are the fantastic things you can do on the computer to have a better relationship. Your a highschool dropout because you cant keep up with the class. You dont turn in your homework and fail every test. Also, you feel that there is nothing you can do to fix it. Well not so fast my son! Now you can take online cources to boost up your grade and make you feel comfortable. Imagine sitting at the computer, completing every assignment and doing every homework there is. Watching your teacher teach, to you through a webcam. There's nothing like it, in fact you get the homework faxed to you. Someone in this world is living this life, it could be you. There's new websites all around the world today. However, there is no better website with all your friends on it. For example, myspace, facebook, and twitter. All websites that can stay in contact with your best friends. Another, that can be even more intrested is webcam. It's live from home fotage face to face on the computer. How cool is seeing your friend when your not together? Third of all, communication makes the world go around that why more and more people meet new friends. In sum, as you can see there's a lot of fun things you can do on a computer. It affects humans lives because more and more people are intrested in this device"	5	4	9
382	"In my opinion I think that computers have nothing to do with people having lack of exercise or sleep. I think it is all the persons decision to be on the computer as long as they want. The person on the computer obviously does not care if they sleep or not. When people are on the computer I think they dont play as much and start to get fat but that its their decision. Also when the time comes they going to realize that they need to spend less time on the computer and exercise. However, they need a time limit to be on the computer and limited time for eating right and exercising. Being on the computer @NUM1 people dont get the chance to interact with their family and friends because they want to be lazy and stay on the computer. The family and friends get angry and dont want to hang out anymore and within a couple of months they have no friends. Nature is good smells good, looks good, and computers make people stay inside all day! I think we should have more time outside. Also computers sometimes make kids want to not clean their room, not do chores because they are addictid to the computer."	3	4	7
383	"Computers have helped people tramendisly over the past years. Thanks to computers scientist have found cures for desesse, jobs have become easier . I believe that computers have a baseline effect on people. Because they educate people with their jobs, and give people a chance to talk to people having to pay for anything. If someone to a country that they have they might go on the computer to learn more about that country and their culture. Another thing they might do @CAPS1 go to a website that could help them find affordable . If a child @CAPS1 doing a report about a country in @LOCATION1 thay can go on the computer to find out facts on that country. Computers educate people about about places all over the world, you can go on a website that has videos and written sheet clips about what has been goin on around the world and learn about current events. My grandmother would tell me stories about @CAPS3 @CAPS4 before they had computers, now my dad works on @CAPS3 @CAPS4 and he tells me stories about his day. when you compair the two different decades it saids like computers help out a lot within @CAPS3 @CAPS4. Before computers stores would have to do math in their pad when they were giving change back to people, now people save by punching in the numbers in the computer. I think the computers have helped people with their jobs. When you talk on the phone to someone it costs you money. When you just want to see someone I'l costs you money to get on a phone . with computers you can , or onstant message people with any costs. If you want to see a friend for her @CAPS9 but dont have the money to fly halfway around the world to see her you can vidieo chat with her. Computers help people save money by talking on the computers with friends, family and even co-workers. Computers have been very helpful ever since they were invented. They help people learn about places all over the world and about anything you want to learn about. They also make jobs and work easier and also help people save a lot of money by talking to people on the computers insted of on the phone. Computers have improved demastrecly over the years, the screens use to be so small and you would have to press all these buttons just to open it up and now computers can be as big as a flat @CAPS10 and can turn them on with just a push on a button,, Who knows what computers will be like @NUM1 years from now?"	5	5	10
384	"@ORGANIZATION1, Computers have great benefits to our society. Whether it is because it helps people get their work done. Or it allows people to communicate without telephone numbers. Maybe it's because it helps students study. With any of these reasons, computers are really benefiting our society. Have you ever had a paper assigned one day and due the next? If you think back what had helped you complete the paper? Most likley it was a computer. In a recent survey @PERCENT1 of college students say that they would not be getting the good grades that the were getting if they didn't have a computer. But, computers don't just help students, they can also help adults in the working community. I know that I have made friends over the years that have moved away and that I have lost touch with. With a computer it is easier to find those people and start talking to them. With different types of programs, you could most likley find anyone. Whether it's @CAPS1, @CAPS2, @CAPS3, or @CAPS4. Nine out of ten adults said that they found a lof of their highschool friends thanks to the computers. Furthermore, computers are a way for students to study. Students could find search engines and reasearch a paper. Or they could play educational games. With a computer if a student forgot his or her homework they could most likley use a computer to find out what the work was. When I went to the middle school to survey, @NUM1 out of @NUM2 students said that they would check to see if it was on the computer before asking a friend. So as you can see computers have benifits to our society today. Three just happen to be that they help people get work done faster, they help keep you in touch with friends and they help students to study."	4	4	8
385	"Dear Local newspaper, I have concerned because lately a lot of people have been using computers alot. My concern is that they haven't been exercising much, they arent enjoy nature and they aren't spending much time with their family. This is not a posiitve way for their life. In my opinion excercising is a very, very, very important thing to do. This is because you need to mantain a healthy diet to stay healthy and you need to excersise. Some people I know don't exercise and they are either overweight or not healthy. People are ""busy"", as they say, uisng the computer to do all there work because they just don't like using the old fashion way, which is going to your job and doing your work. Everything is different now and people have become lazyier than ever before. Would people be lazy, if computers weren't around? Of course they wouldn't be. They would have a happy healthy life. Now-a-days, people don't go out and explore the world much they just go online and nthey search a place up on a google. They don't see the real thing though. they see pictures and everybody knows that seeing the real thing is way, way better than looking at a picture. But i guess everyone forgot about that. Computers have everything online, no wonder poeple don't want to leave their homes and if they do leave, don""t worry they have a laptop with them. Computers are even portable go wherever they go their still going to go online. Poeple have also spent less time with family because they could talk to them online in a s chat room. This isn't a good thing because what if you were talking to your ""mother"", well at least you think is your mother but is someone else and your talking about your, I didn't know, something private and that person on the other computer, ""your mother"", will know about that and can cause problems with you. You know waht I mean? Like if you were talking about your credit card and that person asked you for your credit card number and you gave it to them then they could cause problems. Online isn;t a safe place, thats why you should talk in person not on a chat room. Well I hope that you put my letter in the newspaper for people could exercise, see the nature and be with family, like they were when they didn't have computers around."	4	4	8
386	"Does computers have an effect on people? Do they have a good effect or bad effect. Dear Local Newspaper, I agree they have a good effect on people because you can learn from them, you can can look at maps if your leaving out the state there good to talk to people online, you can shop online. I don'@CAPS1 think adults spend too much time on computers than exercising I think kids mostly on the computer playing games and other activities, some people use computers for homework, writing papers, or searching for people. Computers are good ways to learn about people and words, there not just for playing games and listening to music, there for good use, you can look up restaurants and look at there prices, @LOCATION1 shows site you can look at episodes of @CAPS1.V. shows online. I think computers are better than books and dictionary because you can do all that stuff on a computer. Some people think computers are good things to have cause its fast and easy. Some people thnk computers are a waste of time on them. Computers are good because if you need to write a paper you can type it and print it instead of having messy hand writing, computers are good for if your in a rush to search something its fast. Computers are useful for anything like books, writing paper, websites, chatting with friends web maps, music, games and etc, they do have a good effect on people and kids. "	3	4	7
387	"Well computers can be a good or a bad thing. I don'@CAPS1 realy see @CAPS2 computers can be a bad thing for me. I also know @CAPS2 computers can or will help people all around the world. I think computers has positive effects on people like me. Computers teaches hand-eye coordination. It can help if you need to find out reasearch for a school project. You can create lots of things on computers like music, desiner @CAPS1-shirts, logos, banners and lots of other creative things. With computer you can look up available homes and apartments. You can even go online and fill out a job application and save trips to stores @CAPS2 cool is that!! Well im a regular person not rich not famous but computers provide lot of information people use today. Thats why I think that computers has a positive effects on people and you don'@CAPS1 have to be super smart to use one."	3	3	6
388	"I think spending a lot of time on the computer is not a good idea because @CAPS1 has bad things online. @CAPS1 makes people stupid, and @CAPS1 makes you lazy. Those are the @NUM1 reasons why you shouldn't stay on the computer all day. One of the reasons is that the computer has bad things online like kidnaps. I seen a lot of video and movies about kidnaps when an older men or women starts taking to some young kids and they go meet some place and the young teen or kid never comes back. Another reason is that the computer makes you stupid for example when I use to be on the computer all day I would get out to get something to eat and some times I would go in the bathroom to get food and then I notice that thats not the kochen @CAPS1 feels like I just woke up when I got off. My last reson is that computer makes you lazy. The computer makes you lazy because you just stay in the computer all the time sitting on the chair without sun light or exercise @CAPS1 will make you want to stay here more and its not good for you mind and body. These are my three reasons why you should not stay on the computer, the more you the more you will want to stay. So don't stay on the computer because there is bad things in there, @CAPS1 will make you lazy. Please don't stay on the computer for a long time."	4	3	7
389	"@PERCENT1 of all people in the @LOCATION3 have computers. This number shows how many people enjoy the technological advancement of the computer. It help us communicate better get imformation quicker and entertain us. Computer have a very positive effect on us. With the invention of the computer, more and more people can communicate quicker and eaisier. For instance, say @CAPS1 you wanted to talk to a friend in @LOCATION1, all you have to do is go on a social networking site and talk with them. Also, @CAPS1 you have relatives who live across the country, you could use webcam to talk with them. When you can talk to people from around the world. You can learn alot more about other countries culture and other cities way of life. Finally, @CAPS1 a relative is away, you can still talk to your uncle or grandma, the relationship just gets better. The internet and computers are a wealth of information. With all of the search engines on the internet you can findout how tall a maple tree is or , how to lose weight. Others @MONTH1 say that sitting down and not moving while learning is bad, but you could search about family activities nature walks and new and exciting excersises. When students need information on a school project, they can go on and search it instead of going over to the library. As a result of the internet, people are smarter. Because of the internet there is basically no more boredom. Kids and adults alike are not bored. Boredom is bad, because kids will do anything to stop it. When the computer came, people could plaly games, watch @CAPS2.V. and movies, and do business. @CAPS1 you missed you favorite @CAPS2.V. Show you can go online and watch them. @CAPS1 you need to mail a letter to @LOCATION2, e-mail comes into place, and you mail will never be slow. And finally, you can play many, many games on the internet to keep up that eye hand coordination. With all of these exceptionally great things, we can all live in a happier, better world. Theres information quicker, communication better, and entertainment better. All of the search were in a very good world."	4	4	8
390	"@ORGANIZATION1, I would like to tell you computers are very helpful in our society today. Have you ever needed to know something about a state or a place that brought up nig news & you needed to get it? Were did you turn to? I know not a book, but to the computer. Without it how were you going to get your info. I think computers are benefitial to our society because it can help you learn and it could tell you when or where to sign up for activities. People interact with others different countries, states, & or continents. Next, is how computer could benefit our society. Computers could help us learn by searching up research for a paper or even expanding our general knowledge. For instance today my class & I are going to the @ORGANIZATION2 @CAPS1 to look up info on seat belts on buses. Without computers my class & I couldn't have get it done without the computers. If we had books, it wouldn't have been enough to give to us all & that would mean we would have to share. With sharing some kids @MONTH1 have hogged the books for a long time not allowing the other kid to get the info needed to do the paper, which would lead to a civil dispute in the classroom those two. With computers we have enough for each kid in the class. And, computers could help with gaining more general knowledge quicker. With gaining more general knowledge you become smarter. Next, computer can help set up activities. Computers could help go sign up for activities like baseball, football, basketball, or a gym. With the help from the computers you don't waste time going to the gym signing up, while you could do it at home. Maybe there's a waiting list to enter. You would've known that if you signed up online. For instance my little brother plays baseball & my parents signed him up online. All they had to do was to take him to the place to sign up & show that. I live in the town of @LOCATION1, while others had to sihn up, register, & pay. All of that could've been done online like my parents didnt with the understanding of why computers could be helpful to society by being able to gain knowledge & able to sign up for activities. Do you see why we need them for everyday life or just to get around? Computers are benefitial to our new up & coming society!"	4	4	8
391	"Dear Local Newspaper, I agree with the experts in people staying on the computer to much. The reason why is family and friends are distant, mood swings can occur and also being overweight, finally computers can do a lot of things @CAPS1 far. To be on the computer too much, your family will start to worry about you. If you were to stay on a computer for a whole day, taht causes people to think otherwise of how you are. Also if you were to stay inside on a @DATE1 and your friends come over but you say, ""I don't wanna go out"", there just drifting away slowly. Since I am a teen I stay up texting and talking and going outside and I hate to see on of my friend's on the computer when I wanna hang out. When I was @NUM1 or @NUM2, I used to always be on the computer for like days to weeks, until my friend's and family said don't let this get to you. I had a friend who was a good athlete and very funny and nice, but when his mom got him a computer, I didn't want to be his friend. When I was @NUM2 I use to get mad at everything if I couldn't use the computer, it was like I was a brat. Also I used to be big, (as in overweight) because I never went outside to exercise or in my own room. The reason being on why I stopped being his friend was he to get mad if I come over there to ask if he can come outside. Also when he did come outside he used to never do nothing or run because he was always @CAPS1 tired, @CAPS1 what I am trying to say is the computer can really change people in a lot of bad way's. The last thing which makes everyone change is what computer's can do now. For example, a game called @CAPS2 of @CAPS3 can get you addicted @CAPS1 fast, you barely do anything elese. Another bad thing is @CAPS4, sure you keep in touch with friends but if you stay on too long, it's basically hooked you into it. Lastly online chatting room's or games when you can create a person to look like you makes you think that's gonna be your life from now on. Also people think that computer's can do anything it really can't, everything a computer can do is like a drug it's addicting. Well I just gave you a little thing of a lot of thing's a computer can do but to refresh your memory I'll say it again. A reason why I agree is family and friends seem distant to you at times you get mood swing's and less exercising, lastly what a computer could do now. Since you know now of the danger's that can happen I suggest you rethink about computers."	4	5	9
392	I think having a computer is good because you can research stuff and you can meet people and chat with them. Computers are important to society because it helps keep track of info like doctor appointments and crimnal records for police to follow by. having a computer is a good but if you spend to much time on it you will hurt you eyes. Having a computer can help you talk to friends who have moved and have website that they can talk to you on like myspce or facebook or even yahoo chat. When having a computer its very helpful in life and can help you in a lot of areas. Computers can also cause problems like spending to much time on it and not getting enough sleep for school. Having a computer can also be bad because sitting to close or spending to much time can hurt your eyes and cause you to wear glasses. The way i look at it as i see is that to much is bad so i think spending some time on it is good do you agree?	3	3	6
393	"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1! I am an @NUM1 grade student at @PERSON1. I was reading your paper and I notice you had an article on how people are spending too much time on the computer and not enough time going outside, getting exercise, enjoying nature, and that it doesn't benifit society. i completly disagree with these comments. let me explain... Having computers definatly benifits for all students. Sometimes kids forget their text books at school. But if they have a computer, they can just google the information. That way they get there homework done, and don't have to take a zero. Another thing is, I am sure you have heard of a website called, study island. If you havn't, i'ts a website for all the students in the @LOCATION1 to take online courses for math, reading, and science. They are time consuming, but they count for a huge chunk of our grade. So, if we get an @CAPS2 on study island we get an @CAPS2 in one of our classes.. Not only does the computer help students but it helps me in a kind of personal way. I love the piano. But, there are no instructions in my area. However, there is a program on the computer called synewnisia. It helps you learn all kinds of songs on your keyboard or piano. The piano helps my hand-eye coordination as well as it teaches discipline and dedication. Now, synewnesia isn't the only free instrument learning program. There are many others! This helps people who can't afford lessons, and learning an instrument can help you acheive things later in life. Now, one thing you said in your article is that people aren't getting enough exercise because of sitting in front of a computer all day. This is not completly true. In fact, most people go on the computer researching diet plans or local gyms. How do I know this? Well one day when I went on google the top search of the day was, ""weight watchers diet plan"". Also, my mom uses an online video workout website, for her bad back. So not only does the computer help for diets, they can help physical therapy also. So with this letter I hope you realize that the computer does benifite our society, yes, we should not spend too much time on it. But, online learning sessions can be time consuming. It helps many people figure out the right deit and workouts so they can stay happy and healthy."	5	5	10
394	"Dear @CAPS1, People like computers, @CAPS2 a known fact. They are very much like a dry, addicting and irrestable. Despite what people believe though computers are very good for our daily lives. You can communicate play @ORGANIZATION1, listen to music watch movies, even learn a language on the computers. So in all ways, the computer is anything but bad. @ORGANIZATION1 are fun. They help us relax. In todays age, @ORGANIZATION1 just don't give people the joy they experienced when younger. Computer @ORGANIZATION1, they are the replacement. Imagine playing baseball with a friend who lives miles away from you, while still being a kid in @LOCATION1, or set in your exercise adventure. Computer @ORGANIZATION1 broke the border giving you a higher level or ""You got mail"". Many people hear that sentence more than once everyday. By many, I mean millions. @CAPS2 a alert saying that someone sent you a email. @CAPS4 are messages. Sent over the @CAPS7, faster than any service. Instead of waiting @NUM1 days for a letter, In a matter of minutes you can have a message sent to your friends. Microsoft @CAPS3 @CAPS4, and other electronic messaging systems are a superior form of communication, these let us speak to the world! Although it sounds silly, @CAPS5 you wanted by you could send a message to anyone with a message box. Lets say you went to watch a certain movie, but you don't own it. With a computer with a dose drive, you can watch any @CAPS6. Better yet, you can download the movies media are available @CAPS7, with you able to watch them with the click of the mouse. Computers are filled to the top with gadgets & accesories that make our life easier. @ORGANIZATION1, movies, @CAPS4 anything you is not likely on a computer. They are the perfect tolls in modern society."	4	4	8
395	"Dear editor of the @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 you know @PERCENT1 of people in @LOCATION3 own computers! Could you imagine a life without them? Computer do benifit society. I cant even remember the last time I went a day without a computer. All of this talk about computer being bad for society really got thinking. There is no way possible that computers are bad. for example computers are good for motor skills and what about school work computers help a lot when you forget your homework log at school and lastly sociability! I don't know about you but I couldn't live without computers! Computers teach hand-eye coordination! which we all know we need to play sports! Also with all the typing you do there is definatly some exercise for your wrists! I should know that they do because I woke both my wrists, at the same time and when I went to rehab they told me I should try getting my wrists back to normal by typing and having of calcium but that's another story. Computers are also great for school say that you forget your homework log at school so you don't know what you had for homework well you could call a friend but wouldn't adjust be easier to go online to the teachers webpage? teachers always have there homeworks listed on a school web page. And no you realize you forgot your mathbook to! have no fear the online textbook is here! and thats a lot easier then going back to the school to get it! don't you think? Lastly when you have a big project you can do research on anything and everything in the world! from ants to @LOCATION2 its all there. Here's a big benifit to society for you on all of the social networking sites such as facebook myspace and so man more arn't you able to leave comments on friends profiles or even chat with them! Which brings me to tm my next topics chatting on the computer! There is @CAPS2 and like I said before you can even chat on social networking sites. And lets say that you arn't able to watch the news cant you go online and check that to! There are so many social things to do on the computer and those are just some. So I hope those @PERCENT1 of people and even people that don't own computers are on my side. So we can prove that computers are good for motor skills, school work and even social networking. So please be on my side so we can show the public that computers are social!"	4	4	8
396	"Computers are a good benefit to society they you to talk to people give different for you the the latest updates. First they allow you to chat with friends they allow you to message anytime you want. You can talk to people the faraway you lose. For example your friend live the other side of the globe you an your computer and message so you can still talk to them all the time. Also when your bored it will give you something to do. You could see if anyone wants to make plans to hangout. And if you just want to stay home all day you can still interact with people. Secondly it gives you new ideas on things. It shares oppions. Maybe someone bought same they and it did not work you could see the comments and review. Would you want to spend you money on some thing that did network? I woudn't. You can also see majority of people like what they got. Also they make you think of something you would not think about before say you had are mark about how this horrible maybe if you read the page it online it shows what you did wrong what you did not do. It gives you the to try something you @MONTH1 enjoy what you get. Lastly it gives you the latest updates it can share if the sched is closed, delayed, or open. You wouldn't have to wait for the news to show it. It can tell you about crimes that are happening. Also it tells you about your town. Who dont want to know whats going on your own? It tells you new things that are in your town or what their going to make or it tells you what it is getting rid of. Computers are they lot us chat with friends and family. It gives us thoughts we @MONTH1 have never thought about before and they tell us the newest updates."	4	4	8
397	"Dear, @ORGANIZATION1 concerned with an issue that people are using computers and not exersising. This is a very bad thing and we need to let the word out of what can happen if we don't exercise. The first reason why I disagree of the fact that computers help people is because computers really affect your health you will become fat you start having problems with your heart and it can lead to something fatal. Another reason why I think computers are healthy is because comptuers affect the economy alot in so many ways for example computers use up so much electricity it affects the power in all states. Computers also ruin jobs and this is very bad for the economy people will be addictied to computers for so long they wont bother looking for jobs they will just stay on the computer and gamble or buy stuff. The last reason why I think computers are bad is because of some of the illegal stuff people do on computers there are alot of cyber predetors that prey on kids and they end up finding the kid and kidnapp them. There are also other illegal stuff like bad websites or popups that can get you arrested so if kids go on computers they will not no what something means and they will click on it and it can traumitize a kid their whole life. So @NUM1 I hope you can take this letter into recognation and do something about it cause thes computers can affect my health your health and even your childrens health. That is why I have written this letter to you. If you agree with me I thank you."	4	4	8
398	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I think that computers can be a good thing and a bed thing for many resons. First i think it's good because it can help school work like to do a research and for other things that you might have to do for school. A secound reson on why computers are helpful is because it teaches hand-eye coordination. It also can have people talk to their family member from a other country through a web-cam. All their computers can be realy helpful they can also be bad for your health and family. I agree that it can give less time exercising, instead of being on the computer you can go to the park or walk your and many other things then just bring on the comuter all day. It can also distroy your interacting with family and and friend if you stay in the house all the time useing the computers and your family and friends want to spend some time with you and your just on the camper. @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 newspaper wher the reasons why i think computers can be a good thing and a bed thing. I mostly think that computers are a good thing because if we didn't have computers we wouldnt have most of the things we now have in the world if it wasn't for computers. That's why i think computers can be more helpful just depending on the way you use it and how much you use it. Those were the opinions i had on computers."	4	4	8
399	"Dear local newspaper I think that the effects that computers have on people are that some people become very adictive to them, because some people spend lot of time in the computer doing noting because they just spend their money buying things that they don't need. I also think that computers affect people in the way that they don't spend lot of time with their family. The effects that computers have on people is that some people can't stop using them even if they want. People become very adictive to computers because they spend almost all their time in there. People don't exercise no more because they spend all their time on the computer, shoping things that they don't need they just buy them because they like them. The effects that computers have on people are that some people just to be talking to their friend on myspace. His facebook and other websites that are not good for them. I think that the effects that computers have on people are that they take away people's time because some people spend lot of time on the computers, living their family's alone without spending time with them. Computers take away peoples time because they don't spend time exercising or playing out side with friends or brothers or go to a park to spend same time with their family or have a contact with family and invite some friends to come over to have some good time instead of being in the computer all day without doing nothing. Computer's take away time or love for your family and they make you spend the time that you don't have. The effect's that computers have on people are bad because people can't stop using them even if the wanted to because they are all ready adictive to them. People can't stop using them because in the computers you could do lot's of things like shoping talk to friends and visit websites that have very interesting things from other countries that are very beutiful but some people can't stop using them because they go to play games or because they are down loding music from websites that they don't have to. In conclusion i think that the effects that computers have on people are very bad because some people spend lot of time on them and they even spend the time that they don't have and the time they need. I also think that computers affect people because they don't spend time with their family sharing good things. The effects that computers also have are that people can't step using them because they are adictive to them."	4	4	8
400	"I belive having computers in a household is a good idea. They can play games, learn, talk and many more. Here are my three reasons having a computer is a good thing. Having a computer is great to play games! There are so many varieties to choose from. There are card games, board games, even @NUM1 games! You can play solo, but it might be more fun and easyier to bring some friends along for the ride. As you can see having a computer can be fun, but its not the only thing to do on a computer. Useing a computer to learn is wonderful too. The computer can take you to places you have never seen, heard, or been to before, or maybe a place you couldn't afford to go. You @MONTH1 learn that in on place it's sunny all the time and in other places it's not. Another thing the computer can teach you is about animals. Animals have been here way be for us. There is still much we dont know about them. Many scientists have spent their lives studying animal and have put it on the iternet for you to better educate yourself. The computer can also teach you hand-eye. Hand-eye is great to have if your trying out for a sport like football, baseball, and basketball. Also you never know when you'll need to catch somthing. My final reason is also very helpful. Being able to talk on the computer is good to using voice chat or instint messenger is your choice. While talking on the computer you might make some new friends that share the same intrests and hobbies you do. And you can chat with them as long as there online. Also while your talking you can express your ideas and feelings. Somtimes you might just need to blow off some steam. Or maybe post an idea that can one day be famous. As you can see games, learning and talking are easier to do on the computer. This is why I think."	4	4	8
401	"Dear Local Newspaper, In my opinion I support the advances in technology. Advances in technology helps us get information on things we need to get information on, we can chat with friends and family online and it can help our reading and hand-eye coordination skills. One of the reasons why I support advances in technology is because computers/phones can help us get information on things we need to get information on. We need to know what is going on around us, all the time. We need to know what is happening and what is happening with other people in our lives. We need to know the weather/traffic conditions if you have children you need to know if the school is open and if you work in places that use computers for information, you need to check if your boss or co-worker sent you anything important that you need to know about. The second reason why I support advances in technology is because we can chat with friends and family online. We can chat with our family and friends on the other side of the world who have computer. Most of us want to know if our family and friends are ok and healthy, even though we can't see them in person. I, for one, knows this is fact because my family and friends touch each other online. Staying communicated with our family and friends keeps our boats strong. The last reason why I support advances in technology is because computers can help us with our reading and hand-eye coordination skills. Computers can help our reading skills because if we don't have time to go to the bookstore to get a book, we can read the book online for free. It can help our hand-eye coordination because it can help our fingers move faster and help us do things faster. I stated all of my reasons why I support advances in technology. Computers can help us get information on things we need to get information on, we can chat with friends / family online and it can help our reading and hand-eye coordination skills."	4	4	8
402	"Computers? Have you ever thought of how a computer is made or how every small part of a computer is installed? Well, unfortunately I don't have the answers to these questions but I do have another quistion for you to think about. Are computer's bad for you? Well, I think that they arn't because first of all, they teach us hand-eye coordination, give people the chance to learn about places and people that they have never seen or even heard of, and lastly the allow people to talk to faraway relatives or friends without ever having to go to them. As I was say in before, the computer gives people good eye-coordination. For example people usually are not very good catching a ball at first but of course if you keep on practicing you will get better. Same thing with the computer, at first you arnt very good or fast at typing but if you keep practicing you will gradually get quicker at it. Then this good habit will help you while your at school or at work. Second the computer gives people the ability to learn about places or people that they have never seen or heard about. For example some people might have yet not heard the warter falls, trails, or food's from @ORGANIZATION1. Another example is that mabey some people might not know about the belly dance came from @LOCATION1. or the big dragon came from @LOCATION2. The excelant source to find out all these things in a quick amount of time without having to . The computer is also excellent for elderly people are in weel chairs and can't take too much . Lastly, it let's people talk to far away relatives or family members online. This is better because then mabey a father went on a busines trip to another country and talking on the phone is really satisfying also you can forget about sending letters. It is always nice to greet a father, a mother, or even distant cousin online were you can see how much they have grown. I hope you you have taken my side on this judgement for it is very important to me. Please remember my three reasons and don't forget that this includes you to."	4	4	8
403	"Dear Readers of @LOCATION1 @CAPS1 has been borught to my attention that there is dilema on the effect of computers on people. Well I believe that having computers around are good because. Computers help students do there school work better. They also give the ability to learn about far away places. Lastly, computers allow people to talk to othe people online or webcam. My first reason I believe computers are good to have around is. They help students do there school work. Sometimes teachers give assignments out and you have to write an essay. @CAPS2 the student does @CAPS1 on a computer they might get a higher grade because @CAPS1 looks neater and more proffestional. Computers especially help out college students. A college university took poll one time. @PERCENT1 of student wouldn't know what to do @CAPS2 they didn't have there computer or laptop. One student even said ""@CAPS2 I didn't have my laptop I would probably fail most of my classes."" Computers can be very helpful when @CAPS1 comes to student school work. My second reason that I believe computers are good to have around is. They give the ability to learn about far away places or other coutries. I took a poll one time of how many people use a computer to find out whats going on in other countries, @PERCENT2 of them said they go on the computer to find out what's going on in another countries. Computers can be very handy when you want to know whats going on in other countries. My last reason why computers are good to have around is. Say you married and you are pregnant unless your guy of course, but your spouse is in @LOCATION2 and you couldn't them. Well computers these days have webcams. So now @CAPS2 you really need to talk to him or her you can by using webcam. So readers of the @LOCATION1 @ORGANIZATION1. Can you see now why I believe that having computers around is good. @CAPS1 helps students do there school work. @CAPS1 gives the ability to learn about far away places and countries. @CAPS1 also gives the change to talk to people with webcams."	4	4	8
404	"in @DATE1 has become far more advanced. Computers are one of the most futiristic objects. The computer is good for connecting to people around the world. However, computers have bad effects on people's lives. Children are taking time out of their homework to go on the computer, citizens are gaining weight, and children are being kidnapped. School is very important and valuable if you want to suceed in life. However, computers have made it difficult for students to concentrat on their homework. This is a horrible habbit and a bad effect on students every where. Students grades will suffer and will not obtain class credits if this problem is not mentioned. Obesity is a huge problem in @LOCATION1, five out of every ten @CAPS1 are either overweight or obese. This can lead to death. The problem is that people are spending hours on the computer each day. Most of that time can be used to exercise. Exercising can be an important benefit to someone's life. If this problem is not addressed millions of americans will be overweight, @CAPS2 is a very serious and dangerous topic. Every month dozend of kids are kidnapped. Since the internet was invented there is a twenty percent increase rate of kids missing children will go on poppular networking websites such as @CAPS3, @CAPS4, and twitter and give out their important information. Pedophiles use the internet to trick children in to giving their address. This problem needs to stop and be addressed by the police. Everyday, more and more people use computers. Compuers have good and bad effects on peoples lives. The bad effects are very serious and dangerous. How would you feel if your child fails school, gains weight, or gets kidnapped because of the computer?"	5	4	9
405	"I belive that computer technology is a positive effect on people. I think this because it can teach you how to type faster, learn about far away places, and talk to people online. Here are some reasons why. My first reason is because the computer can teach you how to type faster. For example, for the use of your fast writting you can get a good job/career and can have a future in your life. Another example, is because you can type e-mails faster and don't need to type slow. Last example, is that you can improve you typeing skills and become a better typer. My second reason is because you can learn about far away places. For example, you can learn about other countries and how it's different from our country and how their alike. Another example, is you can use it for projects, get all your information and be prepare for a great project. Last example, is you can always learn something everyday from your computer, like news, weather etc. My third reason is because the computer allows you to communicate with other people. For example, you can talk to your friends and family to check in on them and see how their doing. Another example, is when your bored you can always talk to someone on the computer and have fun with it. Last example, is you can talk to your friends and plan when to hang out and go outside and get fresh air, That way you don't have to be in your house all day. That's why I think that computer technology is a good idea because it can teach you how to type faster, learn about far away places, and allows you to talk to people online. I hope you agree with me also, and should think that computer technology is a good idea for everyday for lots of reasons."	4	4	8
406	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I think that more people should start using computers. They can offer things that just writing things down or a pece of paper cant, like being able to learn about things that aren't taught in school, you can talk with friends online and you can keep everything in one. The first reason I think more people should use computers is that they can learn about things that arent taught in. Such as current events, the history of our nation and how our government works. Now some people can argue that you can learn about current events on @CAPS1 or a newspaper. But the computer can give you the news in an article then show you it in a video. Also in my opinion the news from the internet is visually less condensed than on @CAPS1. Another reason I think more people should use computers is that you can talk with friends over the internet. This is great because there @MONTH1 be people you havent seen in awhile because they moved. I had a friend who moved to pitsburg when I was @NUM1 and when I got u @CAPS3 account I was able to find him and talk with him a while of him visiting. Or you can just keep in touch with friends that so to a different school. The last reason I think people should use computers is that you can keep pictures, videos, document and contacts on your hard time. This is important to because I am not very well organized when it comes to school. But I started using my book and started to some of the work on the computer. This helped me be less clutteres and keep all my work in our place. It also means you can email that walk to a teacher or notes a friend who might have missed school that day. So in conclusion that or why I think we should have peple we computers more. They can help you learn, let you talk with friends, or let you keep everything in one place. That is why I think more people should use computers."	5	4	9
407	"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 a computer isn't harmful in any way. It helps people learn about things they didn't know. Also it lets people interact with people around the world. Another is that it lets people stay in touch with family and friends around the globe. Computers don't harm, they help. Computers are a learning tool. Schools like mine have over a hundred computers but they are only used for education. Anyway even if we try to go on different sites we get redirected to a blocked website. Cars and other machines were built by computers which supplied the blueprints. There is one thing computers are mostly used for, and thats to learn. Are you thinking about going on vacation somewhere but don't know how things work around there? Well a computer can help you with those promblems. It lets you see how people are and what the place looks like with a virtual tour. Even with some assistance if you don't know about traditions or beliefs. Computers are a great way to explore. Computers are a great way to communicate with others. Family members that live on the otherside of the world can use computers to talk and see how your doing. How about old friends that moved away. You can still talk and communicate with each other. Getting in touch with friends and family isn't all that bad is it? And these are reason to show how computers aren't harmful in anyway. It gives people a good education. It lets people learn about cultures of places around the world. And talking to friends is something thats good, not bad. This is why computers don't harm people, they help."	4	4	8
408	"Click, click, click, ""@CAPS1!"" @CAPS2 no, your computer froe, what are you going to do now? Computers have a positive effect on people because it teaches you information, you can socialize, and you can improve your skills. Without a computer, you'd be hopeless. Have you ever needed to do a research project, but don't have access to go to your local town library? No problem, @CAPS3 you have a computer at home. You could just sit down type in a few things, and get all the information you need, and more! You can research just about anything on everything, because the computer will have it. Maybe you want to learn something new, but there aren't many books on it, well there you go, the computer is your friend. Many people assume that computers are just for entertainment, to play games and have fun on your free time. What they don't know is all the research engines like google, netrekker, @LOCATION1,etc. All loaded with knowledgable information. Some people sit at home and read to become smarter, right? You can do this with computer, which would probably even be more entertaining than a boring ad book from the library. Have you ever thought to yourself ""the computer is just a way for people to get away from everyone else, and just have time to yourself?"" @CAPS3 you thought that way, you thought wrong! There are many ways to socialize with others through the computer such as e-mail, instant messaging, video chatting, etc. There are various ways to communicate with people through the computer. It is amazing technology because even @CAPS3 someone is in a different country, you can communicate with them in the click of a button. Ever heard of social networking? The name is self-explanitory. You socialize with people all across the world through a network. For example, these is myspace, facebook, twitter, tumblr, etc. That is a fun way to connect with others like relatives you have never met or that live far away, friends, friends of friends, etc. You can even be really social and meet new people, as long as your safe. You @MONTH1 be thinking at this point, that a computer is nothing more than research and socializing. Again, you thought wrong. Computers are a good way to help with your skills. For example, your hand-eye coordination. You look at the screen, type your words, look at the screen again, while clicking your mouse. That really improves your coordination. Also, your hand movement will get better. When you type, your fingers are moving all around the keyboard, creating hand muscles. Not just physical skills, but computers help with research skills. There are certain ways to research information effectively. This can help for future researching, and school purposes. Without all this, wouldn't a person be missing something? Computers play a big part in everyones lives, no matter what age they are. Computers definitly have a positive effect on people."	5	5	10
409	"Computers have helped people tramendisly over the past years. Thanks to computer scientest have found cours for deseses, jobs have become easier and communication with friends or family have become afordable. I believe that computers have a positive effect on people because they educate people on places in the world, help people with their jobs, and give people a chance to talk to phone without having to pay for anything. Is someone a trip to a country that they might go on the computer to learn more about that country and their culture. Another thing they might do is go to a website that could have them find afordable flights or a hotel to stay at. If a child is doing a report about a country in @LOCATION1 they can go on the computer to find out facts on that country. Computers educate people about places all over the world. You can go on a website that has videos and short clips about what has been going on and learn about current events. any costs. If you want to see a friend for her birthday but don't have the money to fly halfway around the world to see her you can vidieo chat with her. Computers help people save money by talking on the computers with friends, family and even co-workers. Computers have been very helpful ever since they were invented. They help people learn about places all over the world and about anything you want to learn about. They also make jobs and work easier, and also help people save a lot of money by talking to people on the computers insted of on the phone. Computers have improved demastrecly over the years, the screens use to be so small and you would have to press all these buttons just to boot it up and now computers can be as big as a flat screen @CAPS1 and you can turn them on with just a push of a button. Who knows what computers will be like @NUM1 years from now?"	5	5	10
410	"Would you like to discover new things and explore amazing mysteries around the world? Do you love to have friends overseas? Do you want to relax and do something fun after @ORGANIZATION1? Advanced technology today allows you to do almost everything that would have been considered impossible @DATE1 decades @DATE1. We need to decide whether computers have positive or negative effect on people. I firmly believe computers gives society many benefits and opportunities. Who would disagree that computers are devoted to educational purposes? Computer experts have invented countless programs that make @ORGANIZATION1 easier for kids. For example, @CAPS1 helps you with essays and reports. With her program teachers wouldn't hurt their eyes trying to read sloppy hand written compositions from students @ORGANIZATION2 helps you organize and calculate, @ORGANIZATION3 gives you the @ORGANIZATION3 to create dynamic presentations. Many schools have a computer lab for students to complete their @ORGANIZATION1 tasks. @ORGANIZATION1 has also aquired convenient-sized laptops to help students do their projects and take test. That saves a lot of paper and a lot of trees! Furthermore, many colleges offer their courses online. You can obtain a college degree right at your house without going anywhere. Education has never been so easy, thanks to our advanced network and computers. It is very important to mention the entertainment benefits of computers. I have notices many teens play cool games on the net. They seem to greatly enjoy this opportunity. It in an ideal way to relax after a stressful way getting on the computer and listening to the newest songs. Some websites after downloadable songs for free so you don't need to worry about the financial part. Moreover you can watch movies online anytime, form wide section such as horror, romance, comedy, fantasy or even children films. No more movie tickets, no more driving in the theater. Without a doubt computers can put a single on everyone's face with its entertainment benefits. Many people feel that computers both kids and adults always from their social life, but actually, computers give them a chance to communicate with other people around the world. Ten @DATE1 @DATE1, who would have thought that they could chat and talk directly with same one a thousand miles @DATE1, with no mail or telephone or whats over? I came to the @LOCATION1 @DATE1. I am extremely grateful to computers because I can keep in touch with my friends and relatives. I can just send them pictures of the snowy winter sceneries here through just a minute. How much easier could it get? computers definitely improve communication and brings people closer. Let's not wait any longer. Computers have endless positive effects and should be popularizeas. They help you learn have fun and communicate with people faraway. Above and beyond all that new technology makes the earth a greener place by saving paper and trees. Don't sit here and wait educate people about the benefits of computers today."	5	6	11
411	"Dear local newspaper, my name is @PERSON1, & I think that computers are very usefull and that people learn a lot from them. The computer is very smart and is probably the best technology invented. Computers help when you need to know something about a certian person. @CAPS3 example is it helps students with homework. Last reason of why I think computers are useful is that they help you get a hold of family and friends. First example of why I think computers are usefull is they help you if you need facts about a person. One example is you want to go to your a policeman and your leader tells you to meet him at @ORGANIZATION1, so you go there and he tells you the person they are going after but you dont know anything about him and you need a computer to see what he is convicted for and see his criminal record. @CAPS3 example is if your teacher wants you to do a report about"" @PERSON3 lopez,"" but you don't know anything about him so you would use the computer and read about his life. Last example is if you want to learn about your countries history and the leaders behind it then you would use the computer. Second example is students and their homework. One example is when your teacher says ""I want a essay on @PERSON2 and I want it to be neat."" But you have very handwriting and you cant do it on paper you will have to use word or a writing program on @CAPS3 computer. @CAPS3 example is if you forgot to write down your homework in your agenda or something then you can go on the school website and see what your homework is. Last example is if your teacher says find the book about the @CAPS1 and you go to the library but everyone is taken but you have one by tomorrow. So you can go on the computer and find a place that is closest to you that has the book. Last reason of why I think computers are helpfull in this society is because they help you get a hold of your friends & family. One example is if it takes to long to write letters to each other so you run use online messengers for example like ""@CAPS2"" or even ""facebook and myspace."" @CAPS3 example is if you don't send the letter to the write addrees so what you do is go online and ask a friend or family member. Last example is if want to see the person and talk to them so you can go webcam with them and even talk. I hope you agree with my opinion and think computers are usefull an also good for people. It helps people to learn about others and information about them. Second it helps students with school and homework, and lastly because they help you get a hold of family and friends. Therefore, I hope you like my letter and enjoy my opinion."	5	5	10
412	"Dear Newspaper, In our town, more people are on the computer each day. Some people state that you can do a lot on the computer and talk to people. But, I believe that our town should not support advances in technology. You will have more time to exercise, talk to family and friends in person and to take part in different activities around the town. Do you want to be overweight and not be in shape? Well, if you sit at the computer all day every day, you will become like that. ""I think exercise shoud be a part of everybody's day,"" @CAPS1 teacher @PERSON1 from @LOCATION1 stated. You would be so attatched to your computer, that you wouldn't work out. In the state of @LOCATION1, it is proven that @PERCENT1 of residents are overweight from not exercising and @PERCENT2 are overweight by not eating properly. This shows more people in @LOCATION1 don't exercise than not eating properly. @CAPS4 wants to be overweight and you can change that! More people each year make facebook and @CAPS2 @CAPS3. Some kids in school are on the internet all day talking to friends who live down the street. Students refuse to talk to their friend on the phone. Instead, they do it online. ""@CAPS4 can understand their tone of the message sent,"" @PERSON3 stated. You could interpret it in different ways. When you are on the phone, it is a quick and easy way to communicate not waiting for somebody to type back. If you are a person who is always on the computer, plan a get together with your friend to talk in real life. Sidewalk sales, clubs, sports teams, holiday stroll, these are events that every town offers! Instead of sitting dreaming of being on the team, go out and do it! Each town cares about its residents and want them to have fun. That is why towns offer these activities. ""@CAPS5 want to make the town interasting and everybody to know each other,"" says @CAPS6 @CAPS7 @PERSON2. If you participate in these activities, you will meet other kids your age around the town. If your town offers all of these activities, they are helping you out. Being out helping the town is way better than sitting in your house on the computer! In many ways both advancing technology or not, why be inside doing nothing but talking to people? Go and talk to them in real life. Being in shape, talking to people in real life and activities your town offers is the way to go. Thank you for your concern"	4	5	9
413	"Yes, I believe that computers benefits society because you can talk to other people, it helps you learn and lastly compoters are apart of todays technology. First of all, computers have really progressed from the old type writer we used to have. Computers have helped todays life for a few different reasons. With computers, they help us learn or find things we didnt know. For example, if you have a project due on the @LOCATION1, then most likley you're probably not going to know much about it. If you go to the internet then you can find tons of things about it like who and what needs the @ORGANIZATION1 for water, how long the @LOCATION1 is, where its located or anything else abot it. Also, another reason why computers help us learn is that, say your going to a new job interview and you have no idea where it is or how even to get there. If you type in the adress and the internet will give you directions. Even if you dont know when your favorite to show is on tonight just type that in and the answer will be right in front of you. Secondly, why I believe that computers do benefits society is you can talk to other people from across the state, country, or world, or even just down the street. Facebook and @CAPS1 are very helpful as well, because one of my best friends moved away in second grade. Just before about christmas i found her on facebook and now we talk and catch up because we havent seen each other in years, @CAPS2 alone tak to her. Another reason why is that if someones mon or dad is away at war or oversea's then the kids and parents could talk to them by using email, skype, yahoo instant messenger, with the webcam or the telephone just @CAPS2 alone just typing back and fourth. You could also just use it for a job buisness to talk to your co-worker or one of your workers on webcam to see things are going with profit, stores, etc. Lastly, why I think computers actually do help us is technollogy has come a long way. For example if you had to type something up you would of have to used a type writer and those things are hard to use. Today you just have to go onto @CAPS3 @CAPS4 and type it out. @CAPS3 @CAPS4 also has spell check, you could email it to someone, or even change the font, color, size of the font and much more. Another reason why is with iphones or i touches now you dont have to be at home you could take out either one and just use the internet for whatever you want to. To find an app, find how long the @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @CAPS7 is, or even just to order a pizza but technollogy has come a long way. So this is why I agree with that computers help benefit our society because you can talk to other people, it helps you learn new things you didnt knew before and finally computers have changed a lot and they are apart of our technology. "	6	5	11
414	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 I have learned that some experts say that people spend too much time on computers when they could be excercising or with friends and family. I, on the other hand, think otherwise. Computers are a great way to learn and communicate with others, here's why: @CAPS3 of all, I would like to say how much computers help us in school. Most students use them every day. We can study for tests by looking for websites with lots of information and we can also research topics that we don't understand. For example, if you want to find out how planets form, you can just type it into a search engine and a list of websites will pop up. Another way we use computers in school is when we have to make projects. We can use different tools to set up a slide show while also looking up information on the internet. Lastly, the internet is also a way for teachers to communicate with their students. If the teacher sets up a blog, students can always see what the class is doing, what the homework is, and find cool links that will help them understand certain topics better. Another point I would like to mention is that the experts say that computers deprive us of time with family and friends when the truth is, its the opposite, computers actually take communication to a whole new level. For example, if you wanted to have a chat with an old friend, you could log right on to msn or aim and find out what's new in their lives. A second way to communicate with friend is by @ORGANIZATION1, a cheap and easy way to contact friends outside the country. Next, you could go a bit more old fashioned and just write an e-mail. It will take longer to get a reply but its still worth the wait in the end. Lastly for parents who kids live far away, video chat is also a good way to communicate because you will be able to see them and hear their voice as well. Lastly, I would like to tell you about just how much we can learn by using a computer. You could just go to a search engine and search any topic in the world and you're bound to finds hundreds of results. It doesn't matter what your interests are because you'll always find great information. The internet also allows you to catch up on recent news such as weather. Next, there are websites that allows you to ask questions and get answers just as fast. You might have to check your sources to make sure they're reliable, but I believe it's still worth it. Lastly, if you are getting ready to go on a trip, you can check flight information with the click of a button. Or maybe you need to find out what the weather will be like, there are many websites for that. There are also websites that can help you learn about the place you'll be staying at as well. Next time, think twice about what you hear about computers because they really aren't all that bad for you. Sometimes it @MONTH1 be better to go outside and play but computers do help you learn and communicate with others which are just as important."	5	4	9
415	"Dear, @ORGANIZATION1 are a major part in everyday life. They are used by just about everybody. There are so many benefits if you know how to use one propurly. They help you through everyday life whether your trying to find this song that is stuck in your head or trying to file you taxes, computers are a nececity in every house hold. They are also a great way to learn. You can look up a question that has been buging you or you could learn to play a new song on your favorite instrement. Either way your learning. So I think that computers deffinetly have more of a positive effect on society then a negative one. Computers are also a great way to interact with family and friends. Some computers even have built in cameras that lets you hold conversations with peers through the computer while seeing each other. This is great if you have family that lives far away, or your in a long distance relationship. Another benefit from the computer is that it is great for organizing things. Wheither it been @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 you can count on your computer to keep it all organized some computers also have a built in callendar that could help you plan out your day. But say you don't know what to do that day. Well that brings me to my next point. Computer are also great for looking up places. For instance say you fly to @LOCATION1 for the first time on a buisness meeting and you arrive a few days before the meeting. So maybe you diside to go sight seeing to some of @LOCATION1's most eligant spots, but have a computer you could look up some spots and be on your way to having a great day. Overall I think that computers make the world go round. They will never die out, that is why everybody should know how to use one, and if you don't you should hurry and learn as soon as possible."	4	4	8
416	"Dear Newspaper, I believe that computers have both possitive and @CAPS12 effects on people. However, I believe that there are more positive effects than @CAPS12. Some of these positive effects would be that they are essential for education, a very usful place to communicate, and they can be fun. My first reason for supporting computers would be that they are very eduactional. For example, you can research almost anything. If you are doing your homework and you forgot an answer. An other reason why @CAPS1 is educational is because you can type your paper on @CAPS1 so your teacher can actually read your handwriting. If @CAPS1 is messy. On the subject, you can work from home if you are sick or on vacation. But how do you get @CAPS1 to your boss? Email of course! wich brings me to my next subject; @CAPS2. Another resoursful thing about computers is @CAPS2. There are so many different ways to communicate; @CAPS1's unbeleivable. Take I @CAPS4 for an example. You can @CAPS5 to peoples cellphones. You can @CAPS5 to other people that are @CAPS7 or you can just @CAPS5 on some websites such as @CAPS9, @CAPS10, and tons more. You can also vidio chat with people on things like and @ORGANIZATION1. Those are just a few ways of communicating on the computer. Finally, I would like to tell you about the fun things you can do on computers. First, you can buy games from a store and download them onto your computer. Personally, The sim are my favorite. I understand that computer games can be a negitive thing because they are addictiing, but if you don't go on for hours and hours, then I don't see what the problem is. Also, they have educational games so learning can be both fun and educational. Another thing you could do is play free games or download the game from the internet do your computer so they are both fast and easy. To @CAPS11, Computers can be both @CAPS12 and positive but I chose to look at things through a positive eye and I think you should too. After all, computers can be educational, a social networks and fun. Son @CAPS13 my positive eye... You wont be sorry."	5	5	10
417	"Dear @CAPS1 @ORGANIZATION1, Computers are an extremely usefull tool in this modern age. They teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to easily learn about faraway places and people, and allow people to talk online with other people. Therefore, I believe that computers have a positive effect on people. Hand-eye coordination is a very important skill for young children to master. Without it they will have sloppy handwriting, absolutely no chance at sports, and much more. Computers help teach them because they need their finger to hit the same key that their eye sees. And because they tend to want to type faster, it will help even more because the finger and eye will have to work in mission to type faster. Computers also give people the ability to easily learn about far away places, people, etc. People used to have to spend hours searching for a half decent book on a topic, and then find the specific information they need in the hundreds of pages. Now that information is only a few clicks away. Say you have had problems with your faucet, it keeps drippy but you dont want to pay for a plumber. You could easily step by step instructions on what to do using the computer, the possibilities are endless. Finnaly, Computers can allow people to stay in contact with friends who @MONTH1 live far away. It is more convinient than using a plane because you dont have to have something in your hands the whole time. You can walk away and then came back when you hear that you got a message. It is also very usefull for people such as buisnesmen because they can talk to multiple people at once while still being able to get other work done, @PERSON1, author of buisnes magazine tells us in an iterview that it is nearly imposible to run a succesfull buisnes without a computer. How people could possibly say that computers have a negative influence on society, I dont know. But I hope that you will publish this in the paper and show them that computers are necesary."	5	4	9
418	"To @CAPS1 it @MONTH1 concern, today people of all ages are useing computers. Computers are a great way to do reports, talk to friends & family, & also to research things you @MONTH1 have needed to know. Kids in @ORGANIZATION1 have many projects to do & most of these projects involve writing a paper. Teacher have troble reading other hand writing so it would be helpful for the students to use the computer to print out a very neat paper. The computer has many ways that you can write that paper & now it will be very helpful. The near by libarry will always have extra computers students can use to write a papper. If you walk by a teenager on the internet, now a days you @MONTH1 find them on '@CAPS2'. '@CAPS2' is a website to talk to friends & relatives. Some of these relatives @MONTH1 live very far away or not have a phone to talk on, so you can talk to them here. Some people think '@CAPS2' is 'stupid' & can't be any good, because it takes away time for homework, but what if a @CAPS3 forgot to write down the homework? The @CAPS3 could go on '@CAPS2' & chat with a friend from @ORGANIZATION1 to get that home work. There are many search engines on the computer such as '@CAPS4 pile', '@CAPS5', or even the ever most popular '@ORGANIZATION2'. Most people use these web pages to research for papers, trips, or even just to find out random information. Many people want to go to @LOCATION2 or @LOCATION1 for @CAPS6, but don't know what to do when they get there. By going on one of the search engines they would find that in @LOCATION1 they could go to the @LOCATION1 zoo. In @LOCATION2 they could go to @CAPS7 world or the @CAPS8 @CAPS9 @CAPS10 to learn all about @CAPS11 & how it is in a @CAPS9. Thank you for taking the time to read this & I hope you will look into what I said."	4	4	8
419	"Dear @CAPS1, Computers are a great invention! They allow you to do so many different things. They have alot of positive effects on people. Computers deal with all sorts of things, from hand-eye cordination, learning about faraway places and people, to talking online with anyone. Come on in to the wonderful world of computers. Computers have a super positive effect on people. They help teach hand eye cordination. You can look at the screen without having to look down at your hand to move the mouse. You can see where it's going just by looking at the screen. Doing this helps everyday skills like playing sports. If you can use your eyes and your hands at a you can hit a baseball or even. Computers teach hand eye cordination by being able to do two things at. Would it be amazing if you could just find a recipe go to? Well, you You could simple A computer helps people different things. It's also easy different culture, people, and places. Let's say you @CAPS2 and you. A computer gives you any learn something. Computers and almost everyday. They give you @CAPS3 instance, @CAPS4 is a great way to talk to people. You can chat with people typing. Further sites like @CAPS5, @CAPS6 or @CAPS7 where you have you own page post your own opinions. You also have friends page to see how you are doing. These sites give people a chance to find with old friends. Webcam is becoming a huge sensation! Sites like or skype let you see and talk to the other person. They allow you to talk to people that you @MONTH1 and feel that they are there with you. Computers benefit people all over the world. but that doesnt. Computers help people physically by being able to learn new things, and with being able to computers arent taking over are only helping them."	5	5	10
420	"Dear Local Newspaper, I think computers have a positive effect on people. The reasons for my answer is that there are many homework helper websites, the computer helps you learn about places you've never been to, and you can even interact with people all around the world. These are my three reasons on why I think computers have a positive effect on people. First, I think computers have a positive effect on people because there are many homework helper websites that struggling students can go on and get tutored. I remember in @NUM1 grade when I had a math midterm. I was having a hard time understanding the math. Then, I went on a tutoring websites and they taught me everything that I was having trouble with. I think that the computer can help many kids obtain good grades. This is my first reason why I think computers have a positive effect on people. Second, I think computers have a positive effect on people because it can help you learn about far away places that you have never been to before. This would be useful for a school project on a country. Also @PERCENT1 of students in my school say that the computer ha s helped them a lot on school projects. The computer could also be useful for planning a vacation. Would you want to vacation to a place that you know nothing about? That is where the computer can help. All you have to do is search your destination and pictures and info will come up so you can make the right choice. This is my second reason why I think omputers have a postive effect on people. Lastly, I think computer have a positive effect on people becuase you can interact with people around te world. I have a brothter that lives in florida, but I can talk to him every day on the computer. Also, I can keep in touch with my friends anytime I want. I think computers help people develop better social skills. This is my last reason why I think computers have a positive effect on people. In conclusion, I think computers have a postive effect on people for better grades, learn different things, and talk to friends."	5	4	9
421	"Dear @ORGANIZATION2, Computers are destroying modern youth. The rapid advancement in technology is not a positive thing. The popular social networks such as facebook and twitter are putting youth at danger of @CAPS1-@CAPS2 and child predators. Children are also becoming addicted to computers and are paying the price physically. Although we are becoming a smarter species, we are destroying the ones who will soon lead the world. This crazy computing must end! Although children are able to socialize using the computer, they are at danger of being hurt physically and emotionally. ""I really tried to ignore all of the cruel comments people were posting about me. I tried as hard as I could, but everytime I logged unto facebook and looked at what people said about me, I died inside. I almost had no desire to live."" That quote was said by @PERSON1, a former student of @ORGANIZATION1. He is as victim of @CAPS1-@CAPS2. Thousands of students just like @PERSON1 are being pestered just as bad, and if not worse. The social networks that modern technology promotes harvest cases like @PERSON1's. If this rapid increase in technology continues then we will see many more cases such as that one. In the past year, @NUM1 @CAPS1-bully victim have committed suicide. Those are @NUM1 lives that could have been saved; @NUM1 families that could still be together. This computer madness is losing lives, we cannot allow this to continue. Not only are computers causing emotional danger, but also physical. The average teenager spends between one to four hours on the computer - making the one hour of exercise seem miniscule. The large number of obese children is in large part caused by computers. The many features of computers, such as instant messaging, music playing, and games, draw kids in - making them spen time they could use exercising, in front of a computer. Statistics show that the average obese child spends @PERCENT1 their free time on a computer. The time they spend exercising and playing makes up only five percent of their day. In @DATE1, children spent @PERCENT2 of their day in front of a computer and @PERCENT3 outside. Over the past @NUM4 years these numbers have headed south due to tha advance in technology. These numbers prove that computers have dictated obese children's day, making their physical condition even worse. Computers are to blame for our worlds weight issues. As I conclude this letter, I can only hope that I persuated you to make a stand and hault this technological advancement. In conclusion, computers are harvesting @CAPS1-@CAPS2 which leads to emotional discomfort. They also dictate time, and as a result, children become obese. We must take a stand and alter statistics for the better. Computers are ruining lives."	5	6	11
422	"Dear society, @CAPS1't you all have some kind of computer at home? Work? What if we took you computer away? How would you work? These are all esential questions. The computers of our time help us with what we do everyday. First of all they teach hand-eye coordination. Secondly they give us the ability to learn and communicate with the far away places. Lastly, They allow people to communicate quickly by an email or an @CAPS2. If those experts took our computers, @CAPS6 about what would happen. @PERCENT1 of americans have a computer or a cellphone with internet. These people have hane-eye coordination, therefore they use technology alot. People who use computers at work can multi-task. Secondly the modern computer lis a huge necessity. Thirdly, The people who are still in school have to write papers, do reports, but with-out computers. How will they accomplish that? @CAPS6 about what society would be like. Picture it. Facebook, @CAPS3, @CAPS4. These are all websites that have chats where people can communicate. Take it away. See what happens. We only have the telephone what if we @CAPS1't know some ones cellphone number? can't go on a computer that isn't there. Take all of that into consideration. Maybe the computer prevents us from face-to-face communication, but it's a common necessity. We need to be able to ask someone a quick question. Cellphones and calling aren't as quick as on @CAPS2. Do you really want to be the one to take it away? @CAPS6, @CAPS6 about what your to do. Take this letter into consideration. what are you to do? These computers, help with everyday life. From school to work to just fun. Computers help teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about people and far away places. thirdly they allow people to communicate, so go ahead, take it away, but see what happens when you do."	4	4	8
423	"Dear @CAPS1, Advances in computer technology have positively affected the society we live in today. Computers teach hand-eye coordination, help kids learn inside and outside of school, and connect the world socially. These amazing devices have done nothing to harm the new generation. In fact, they have done quite the opposite. Computers are an excellent way of teaching hand-eye coordination. People who are opposed to using computers believe that all they do is make kids lazy and ignorant. This is not the case. The coordination gained from using the mouse games over to sports like baseball and lacross. Players have to look at an incoming ball, and guide their stick or mitt to catch the ball. As you can see, coordination is essential to sports. It is also needed for simple every day tasks around the house. These could be as plain as just taking out the trash or cooking meals. We overlook the fact they easy jobs like these still require coordination. A misplaced pot could pour boiling water on the floor and cause a huge mess. W are lucky that we live in a world with such a good teacher of hand-ey coordination. Computers are the worlds most knowledgeable teachers. No matter how hard you try if you are using a computer, you will learn something. The internet is a best cache of information. In the current day and age, the environment is a growing concern. Paper no made from trees, so must be cut down. It takes forty years for a tree to grow, and seconds to cut one down. Schools everywhere should use computer and keyboards for work instead of paper and pencil. Since most students are familiar with computers, they enjoy working with them more than writing. The average kid could learn more in an hour with a computer than they would whole day at school. The transiton needs to be made. Computers are also a massive social network. Instant messaging and @CAPS2 are now primary sources of communication. If it hasn't for computers, I wouldn't be able to talk to my friend that moved to @LOCATION2 two years ago. This is just one example of how social networks are helpful. They help people stay connected with old friends, and work. All major corporations use computers to invest, sell products, and store information. Computers are the ultimate way communicate. Obviously, computers are growing exponentially in popularity. The @LOCATION1 should put this to use. Imagine a more eco-friendly country where we don't have to cut down a million acres of @CAPS3 @CAPS4 rainforest every year. The benifits of computers are endless. Three of these are hand-eye coordination, knowledge and communication."	4	5	9
424	"Dear @PERSON4, I strongly believe that use of computer is beneficial to the community. One reason I feel this way is that computers can improve hand-eye coordination and other skills. These computers provide access to games helpful in @ORGANIZATION2 training. In fact, @ORGANIZATION2, in @LOCATION1, @CAPS1, just began using these games as part of their training this @DATE1. Instructors report that @ORGANIZATION2 skills in trainees and students are far better than in years past. Additionally, computer games can improve reflexes. Two years ago, a man named @PERSON3, @NUM1 years old, fell onto the train tracks just as a train was coming by. Through extra-ordinary reflexes he managed to leap out of the way, saving his life. When asked how he did @CAPS5, he said he had been playing computer games since he was @NUM2 years old. These games also make you more intelligent. The @ORGANIZATION1's @DATE2 study reports that brains were @PERCENT1 more active after use of computers. The researchers achieved this data by attaching electrolytes to the patient's brain both before and after using the computer. @CAPS5 is for these reasons that computers improve hand-eye coordination and other skills. Another reason for why computers are beneficial is that they allow you to talk online. They even allow you to communicate with your family who live far away, strengthening your relationships. I recently got back in touch with my cousin who moved to @LOCATION3. Letters were too expensive and took too long, but email and skype provide us with a great alternative. These computers also improve social skills. @PERSON1, resident here in town, says, ""I love using computers because I can talk to my friends whenever I want, and I feel like @CAPS5 really helps us communicate."" Who wouldn't love a machine that provides a service like that? These computers can even improve your mood. In a test done by @ORGANIZATION3 in @DATE3, @NUM3 people were put in seperate rooms with personal computers for @NUM4 hour. Afterwards, @PERCENT2 said they felt an improvement in their mood. Computers are great because they allow you to talk online. Finally, computers allow you to learn about other places. Virtual tours are becoming more and more common today. Infact, at @CAPS2.org, you can take virtual tours of over @NUM5 different countries, including @LOCATION5, @LOCATION4, @LOCATION2, and @LOCATION6. You can also learn about other cultures and their traditions through online videos at youtube.com and articles at wikipedia.org, the free encyclopedia. You can even learn new recipes. Celebrity chef extraordinare @PERSON2 not only posts all her recipes online at mstewart.com, but she even finds some of them! In a recent interview by @CAPS3 magazine, when asked where she's found some of her best recipes, including her famous @CAPS4 chocolate cake, @PERSON2 admits she found most of them online, saying, ""@CAPS5's a powerful resource that more people should use. Al @CAPS6 currently owns the world's best cookbook!"" @CAPS5 is because of this that computers allow you to learn about other place. Thank you for your time, and I hope you take what I have said into consideration. @CAPS5 is for all of these reasons I strongly believe computers are beneficial to the community."	6	6	12
425	"Dear local newspaper, I have heard about this issue concerning people are on their computer to much. In my opinion, i think that people should not spend so much time on the computer for several reasons. There are the reasons to why I think that people should less time on the internet, and more outdoors. One reason to why I think that people should spend less time on the computer and more times outdoors is so that they can get more exercise. When you get exercise you can lose weight. You can also feel lighter and better about yourself, you will be more active. Another reason to why you should spend more time outdoors than on the computer is because if you don't you will get very very very lazy. If you don't get out and play or exercise, you will become tired. Also, you will become cranky and want do what your parents tell you to do because your mind will be so into your computer screen. My last but not least reason to why we should spend more time outdoors than indoors on the computer is because we can miss out on family fun that goes on. Since people are on the computer so much they miss out an parties and social events. They @MONTH1 also miss out on family dinners and movie night. If you do not want to miss out on the fun, I suggest that you get cuclasses more and stop being a lazy couch potato. As you cansee, there are many reasons to why we should spend more time outdoors doing activities such as going on a bike side, going kout to eat, as even a nice stroll along the heart while walking the dog. I really hope that my opinions means something to you. And I also hope you agree with me. Thank you for your time."	4	4	8
426	"@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 a world without computers. Where would we get all of our information from? Would we have to religh on television or magaziens, where information can be changed? Or how would we ever get any reports done for work or home work? I know many people who don't write neat, how will any one read it? Basically, computers effect our lives so much in a good way that it would be chaos with out them. Computers allow people to learn how to type which can improve all around skills such as hand eye coordination, they let us connect with places we are not familiar with and see family members, and they allow people to have an online education which can help with the economy. Computers effect us in a very good way and they change our every day lives, @CAPS2 children these days cannot type. A recent study done at @ORGANIZATION2 showed that @PERCENT1 of kids older than @NUM1 already know how to type on a keyboard. Computers have such a big effect on us with so many skills that people don't ignoledge enough. Because all of thoes kids know how to type, they can spell better too. I remember one time when I was in the middle of writing a report online. I got @NUM2 a word I didn't know and had always had trubble spelling it. So I took my time and typed it out one letter at a time, and it was correct! This example shows that computers can effect everyones lifes, even younger kids. The way that we get information from computers is just like the way our hands get information from our brain to move. For example, when babies learn how to walk the religh on their brains show them how it's done. This is just like how when there is a natural disaster, such as the earthquake in @LOCATION1 we religh on our computers to show us and tell us what is going on and how something like this could happen. Computers can effect us this way because there are many things we might never know about our world without them. Computers effect families everyday lives by giving them online educations. My @NUM3 year old cusin told me that she was happy her mom could go back to college from home because then they could spend time together. I know you might think that computers can make families get further apart but they actually bring them closer together. There is only one choice and that is that computers effect all of us in a good way. They can help us learn how to type, connect us with our world and bring families closer together. Without computers we wouldn't be the same as we are today."	4	5	9
427	"Have you ever had a computer? I'm sure if you was around my age you know how fun it is to explore the internet. It's a brain tht gives you information about everything. But, it’s not good for you to just drop everything and go to your computer. Things like exercise, socializing and homework matter. If you don't exercise you begin to gain weight, if you don't socialize you'll be an lonely person. Homework is the most important, because it'll help you really well through life. It's fine to go on the computer time to time, but not for hours. Exercising will keep you in shape and if you plan on playing sports, you should jog a couple times of day. Some people make you feel bad if your bigger than they are. For example, I knew someone who was a little big for his age, but people didn't like him and they always made fun of him. I would suggest that you should keep your mind on more important things than a computer. Do you have ant friends? Or did all of them leave you because you wouldn't stop surfinh the web on your computer. As a teenager you should be socializing with your friend at the movies, arcaded and parties. Not in the house on the computer. Especially with your family, because you never know if they're going shopping for you ask me that's selfishness. Every since you got your computer have you been receiving bad grades? Education is the most important thing you need in your life. Without it you can't be or do anthing, because you wouldn't have a degree to get a job. If you don't have a job how can you pay for electrity bill for your computer? Education can get anywhere, if you want it. If not you can be a homeless guy in the street holding a computer that doesn't work. Do you still think this has a positive effect on people? You should talk to parents about getting their child an computer. For example, tell the parent to put a password that only she/he knows, that way he has to ask you to sign onto it everytime we needs it. Blocks off things that you think is important for your child., especially if your child is into sex. That is why I don't think it gives people the right kind effect they might need."	4	5	9
428	"Dear Readers, Computers have a large presence in the world today. Most people in the @LOCATION1 have at least one and the number grows still. These computers are bad for people. They cost a lot of money cause people to stop exercising and become unhealthy, and teach children that things come easy in life. Computers cost a lot of money. Between buying one, purchasing hardware and protection, and paying for maintanence, they are very expensive. Dr. @PERSON2, a computer science expert, claims, ""The average computer costs @MONEY1. There is then hardware that needs to be bought and replaced, along with antivirus programs and other protection. Now we could be talking about @MONEY2 at the very least. With yearly maintanence costing about @MONEY3 per year, you can see how expensive these machines really are."" @CAPS1 out of every ten computer owners in a recent survey stated that they had to service their computers within the last three months. Thats a lot of many going toward fixing computers. But computers don't just cause money problems, there are health issues too. Computers take a lot of time away from people. When a computer is used, the user doesn't move around or exercise. Computers are making people unhealthy. The obesity number in the @LOCATION1 has skyrocketed, but it's not just food, Some experts are now contributing computer use to lack of exercise, and therefore, obesity. Dr. @DR1 @CAPS2 says, ""@CAPS3 matter what you're doing on a computer, be it games or education, you would be better off outside, moving around, getting exercise. A recent study shows that @NUM1 out of @NUM2 families who purchased a computer in the last year have halved their exercise and play time. There are health problems created by computers, but they also teach the next generation that things come very easily. Computers are an excellent source of knowledge, but that could be a problem. It is a quite easy to find something out, or research a topic using a computer. Before computers became popular, people had to work and look for @CAPS4. Now that it is so easy, children @MONTH1 begin to think things come easily in life. @PERSON1, a pediatric psycologist, says, ""The mind of a child works in a such a way, that most things they encounter are absorted and become normal. If a child becomes use to the ease of searching an item on a computer, he will expect all things to be equally simple. If they are not he @MONTH1 become frustated and not be able to do what is needed."" @NUM3 out of @NUM4 poll takers agree that finding @CAPS4 on the computer is quite easy. What are the children of the world being taught? Life is easy, a false statement. Computer use is a growing problem. It costs ridiculous amounts of money, causes health problmes, and poisons the minds of children to believe that life is an easy thing. Computers are bad for the people of the world, they take our money, our health and the minds of our children."	6	6	12
429	"Dear editor, I have heerd about me advance in technology dispute. I would like to say their I think it does benef it our society. I think this because: You can communicate with friends, they help you with school and a reliable resource for you need to find. Please read on so I can explain my reasons. Computers and technology benefit us in many ways. One of mom's they able you to talk to friends. Computers give you an easy and fast way to communicate with others. Instead of sending a boring letter that takes forever to get there, you can hook up with your friends, you haven't seen in a while. I remember when my friend moved to @LOCATION1. It would of taken me forever to there, so instead I went online and talked to him. Also, lastly, it less your hand. Now please read on for my second reason. My second reason . Computer are a of looking in many different take days. You can go online and find everyone, in ten minutes. In fifth grade I had to do this really hard project. I looked in books @NUM1 days and find. But then looked up everything I needed to known in an half hour. Lastly, they have more success. If you go on in @ORGANIZATION2 you could find hundreds of on one topic. Easy right? New read on for reason. My last and strongest reason that technology can help you find anything in everyday life. Computers can help you find your way. They supermarket for you. They can help with anything. One year I went on vacation to @LOCATION2. my mom move. So got lost help. Na, if we gotten difference have nevir pickel. Wouldn't you be more confident if you had ? Computers can a lso find for places for you an your friends or family to have fun like it couldn't find places never heard of. Such as @ORGANIZATION1. Now need on so can all up. So, as you can see technology, benefits our society in a big way. Mostly in these three reasons: You can communicate with your friends, they help you in school, and they are a reliable source for everybody life. i hope you have enjoyed rading this. Please take this info your next . thank you for your time, and thank you for reading my paper."	4	4	8
430	"You say that computers are bad on todays society? @CAPS1 I'm here to prove you wrong and tell you that they can actually benefit todays society. Maybe some kids don't have phones, so they can go log onto facebook and do everything a phone has to offer and more. School. School. School; so many homework assignments and projects are assigned, and using computer programs help alot and give that proffesional touch. And how coud you forget 'google' the most famous online system, that everyone loves you can do just about anything with that page. So computers bad for society, think again and listen closely. blc computers have just benifited us more than ever. www.facebook.com, that is one of the most visited pages on the internet for all different ages, it deffinetly benefits you. Logging on and seeing your friends profile's newest updates on pictures, videos and life, you get every little detail using facebook. And I you don't have a phone, no. wornes, facebook has a chat system, so you and friends and relatives can talk, or maybe theirs a family party comingup you can get inboxed on all the information, and visit the relatives homepage and see how theyve been doing. @CAPS3 you haven't logged into facebook yet, you deffinetly will now! ""This project will be done on the computer,"" how many times do you hear a teacher says that, almost everytime youre given an assignement! @CAPS1 windows and @ORGANIZATION1 programs will really benefit you in your need for school help. Lets say you've been assigned a project to create a product commerical in computer class, you can hop right onto windows movie maker and get all the help you need, and you'll have the ability to create you project right on the program so it looks and sounds professional. One program you can always use throughout life for presentation is 'power ', In my history class we were assigned a famous person from the @DATE1's and were to do a presentation; @CAPS1 when I got my assignment I went right to powerpoint and got a great grade! lastly the known, @ORGANIZATION1 word! used for all kinds of projects or homeworks and espically writing papers or short stories, having spell check, youre garenteed a good grade! Google! Everyone knows it and everyone loves it. This web hit canbe used for just about anything. From searching pictures and information for a school projects, watching videos of songs, friends, or tv shows that you love or wonna check up on. to looking at websites. Some say the @CAPS2 holds people from exersising, but google can shows you videos of special work outs or websites on healthy eating or an on exercise group or fitness club, so now you see the internet benefits us tremendously! ""Have you change your mind? have you listened closely?"" @CAPS3 so your life just become a whole lot easier, by using facebook, for social ability, @ORGANIZATION1 and windows programs for school, and google for life and health, you have just benefitted from my writing and from using modern technology, the computer!"	6	5	11
431	"Dear editors, I was planning on taking a trip to @LOCATION1. I found directions within a second using a computer. Computers are great, people friendly pieces of equipment, but as technology evolves, people are beginning to rely on their computers for entertainment. Some people @MONTH1 disagree, but there are many outdoor activities that are more healthy then sitting around on the computer all day such as socializing, the great-outdoors, and other on sports. Familiar with @CAPS1 is a great program for socializing but there are many stronger dangers. Did you know that anybody can view your profile which contains personal info? You don't always have to chat online. Call up a friend and hang out at maybe a local movie theatre. Many people, and I agree, think seeing a movie with their pals is alot more entertaining then playing online chess or any other virtual game with a friend a fan of movies? No problem! go on a walk or a bike ride or walk your dog while riding a bike! There are so many. @ORGANIZATION1 park. What an amazing place to spend your vacation camp outs at @TIME1, bikes during the day, its a wonderful part of nature and the best part of you a park anywhere in the world! Camp out on the weekend place to become closer with your family and friends. Hiking is a popular part of a parks and can be performed by all ages, so go out and spend a weekend in the great outdoors! Not looking at a computer screen. Soccer, baseball, basketball and lacrosse. These are just come of the many fun sports. Out there, and yes, they are certainly fun and healthy. Every town I know about has sport fields where many kids and adults of all ages use. it also a great way to make friends! Get to know them in person and not over the internet. Daily exercise while having fun beats just having fun on a computer. What are you waiting for? Stop reading this article and go out and meet new friends. Visit a local park or play a sport for fun. If I were to name everything to do other than use a computer, it wouldn't fit in this entire newspaper. So go explore!"	5	5	10
432	"Dear Newspaper, Computers have advance a lot since they were first made. Some people see computers as a way to rot your brain, while others see it has a learning device. Although computers have a negative effect when it comes to children, they have more of a positive effect because they give people the ability to learn about far away places and allow people to talk to each other online. To start off, computers are bad because they can be used as a way to babysit a child. When you're on the computer you're just sitting there staring at a screen with pictures and words on it. Some parents use the computer as a way to keep their kids quite, instead of taking the time to go outside. By growing up in an enviornment like that the children only know how to play on the computer. Kids have a lot of energy, and they need to do something productive, not play computer games and talk to their friends. All school day they talked to their friends, they need to be with family doing something to keep them fit and healthy. By using the computer as a babysitter, you as a parent are leading your child to obisity because all they do is games, and they aren't properly taking care of their body. On the other hand, computers give people the ability to learn about far away places and people. If your teacher gave you a last minute writing essay on @LOCATION2 that was do in a week, what would you do? You can't fly to @LOCATION2 and ask the @CAPS1 people what you want to know. That would be a waste of time and money. And if you go the library and they don't have any books, then you're in trouble. But by using the computer you can find endless information about @LOCATION2, and you could finish that essay in a day if you wanted to. Also, if you were going to @LOCATION4, but you knew nothing about @LOCATION4 you wouldn't be very confident about going. And you would feel like a tourist. But, if you went online and searched @LOCATION4, you could find the traditions, the clothing, and so much more. Lastly, if you wanted to know more about a famous person who isn't around anymore, you could go on the computer and find pictures and what they did, how they became famous, and so on. Finally, computers allow people to talk online with other people. Say your grandma lives in @LOCATION3, and you can't call to often because your phone bill will get to high, what do you do then? You talk online since you both have computers and it won't cost you to call. For example, my grandma and grandpa both live in @LOCATION1. When we call there it costs a lot because they're so far away. When they got a computer, we each bought a webcam and called them everyday on @ORGANIZATION1. Now, not only did we talk to them, but we also get to see them too. If your friend didn't have a phone and you really needed to ask them for the homework, you could go online or on aim or facebook and ask them. You know you can always get an answer because everyone is always on the computer at some point of the day. Although computers have a negative effect when it comes to children, they have more of a positive effect because they give people the ability to learn about far away people an places, and they allow you to talk online with other people."	6	5	11
433	"Dear @LOCATION1 @CAPS1, I believe that computers do benefit society. People are able to read, shop, and play online. This makes life easier for many people. Buying books that you would like to read can get expensive. With the internet, people are able to read almost any book right on their computer. In a recent survey, it was found that people who read books online save an additional @MONEY1 a year more than people who buy books. People can also read things like newspaper online. If there is snow on the ground, and people are unable to get their newspaper, they can read it online. This way they will know if a newspaper is still good, and continue buying it, including the @LOCATION1 @CAPS1. Additionally, people are able to shop online. Sometime, someone @MONTH1 have been an accident injuring them, and they are stuck at home. If it is a child, their parents will be unable to go to the store because they will be caring for the child. They can simply go on the computer and have food and other necessities delivered to them. People can also do this if they have a busy lifestyle with work or school. @PERSON1, a physician, told me that people who shop online have @PERCENT1 less stress than people who go to the store for the same items. He said that is is because they do not need to worry about taking much time out of their schedule to shop. Moreover, the computer is a good way to quictly play games. Young children can be very loud and energetic. Parents can just let them play games and read on the computer. Little kids love just the fact of being on the computer, and letting them go on can keep quiet and occupied for a while. Even just typing is interesting for younger kids. For older kids, there are many games that can play. Action, strategy, puzzles, and many more. They can also play against people around the world. The computer is fun for everyone. So in conclusion the computer is a very good place to go shopping, read books, and play games. Computers greatly help families of today."	5	4	9
434	"Dear Newspaper I think that computers were one @ORGANIZATION1 the best things ever created. They allow you to talk to people in far away places, help you learn about career and education choises, and you are able to learn about many subjects. Computers are here to help society not hurt it so why shouldn'y we use them? With @CAPS5 we can talk to people around the world or in space @CAPS2 that matter. You might not know it hut all @ORGANIZATION1 the communications in the world need a @CAPS5. There not the kind anyone could go out and but though. There satalites, the orbit the planet from space, @PERSON1, a proffesor at @ORGANIZATION1, told students at @ORGANIZATION3 that, ""A lot @ORGANIZATION1 every day items, such as rars and phones, all use some kind @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS5."" @CAPS1 computers let people communicate with each other. In addition to letting people communicate they help millions @ORGANIZATION1 people make educational and career choises. Most kids that go to college don't know a lot @ORGANIZATION1 colleges out there. When my sister was picking what college she wanted to go to she didn't know which one to choose. She sat down and looked up hundred @ORGANIZATION1 schools. after narrowing it down she had made her decision she had picked @ORGANIZATION4, a @ORGANIZATION3 she had never even heard @ORGANIZATION1 a couple months ago. People are in this type @ORGANIZATION1 situation all the time at @ORGANIZATION2 a survey was taken by all the students to see what they wanted their career to be, @CAPS2 the rest @ORGANIZATION1 the week students got to experience diffrent carrer options. @PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION1 the students picked a different carrer after that one week. Have you ever heard the old aget ""@CAPS3 is power""? well its true and computers are a great source @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS3. they have many different subjects math, science, history language and much much more. people should be using this @CAPS3 at the @CAPS4 francisco national debate @PERSON2. Said that ""@CAPS5 are a great tool when used properly this includes looking up new places math. and even comunicating these are what computers should be used @CAPS2 not unhealthy games. You can learn about many new places with a @CAPS5. In @NUM1 grade my teacher had everyone do areport on a country me and my friend found this place we had both never heard @ORGANIZATION1. with the @CAPS5 we found onts @ORGANIZATION1 information on it such us its main income, exports, resorts, and fun activities. After reading all the facts surely one would agree that a @CAPS5 is a great tool that should be used. It lots people communicate, helps in educational decisions, and you can learn many subjects such as math, science, and language. I strongly believe that all people should use a @CAPS5."	5	4	9
435	"Dear Local newspaper, @CAPS1 opinion is yes people are on the computer to much. I have @NUM1 good reason why I think people are on the computer a lot. @CAPS1 first reason is people are losing time. Second not that much engry. Third you just spending your life on the computer keep on reading why I don't agree that it befits society to people. People losing time to have fun. They do have any time for friends family, pets, and scuh more. It mostly adicaution to go on website like facebook, myspace, @CAPS2, and such more people just need to get off the computer and have fun outside. Mostly people dont really get that much engry. Some people are always inside they just need engry. Fresh our will help that maybe going to the gym or jog outside for a while. Being inside isnt really good for you. Just being inside just make you kinda gang weight. And then you wouldn't have anytime with your friends, and more only if your inside like always. Fineally you spend all your time at home being computer. And you don't have anytime, engry and such more. YOu spend all your time inside computer cool technology but you don't need to be on it @NUM2. You just have time for friends and family. Now you know @CAPS1 opinion why computers are benfit society. People are losing time and everything. People dont have anymore engry. And your spend all your time on the computer. Bye for now."	3	4	7
436	"Dear local newspaper, Too much technology! Computers have a negative effect on people. First, our country needs to exercise more, and not just sit around, second, we aren't spending enough time caring for our environment. And third, we are losing the ability to communicate with the people around us. Our country has problems with being overweight. Most people blame it on fast food, but it's also because people sit around using computers, and dont think about staying in proper shape. Before computers were made, people were much more fit, and healthy, we need to help our country get back in shape, and take our attention away from the computer, for even just a short while, and we need to exercise! The next reason is that computers don't just have a bay effect on people, but our enveironment too. We spend too much time indoors with technology, and we don't even care about the world around us. Before much technology, people used to plant gardens, and trees, but now that thought hardly crosses our minds. All the electronics these days are making people forget about nature, and that needs to change. The last reason computers have a negative effect is that people dont communicate as well anymore with the people around them. If we communicate so much with people through technology, we are losing the ability to speak and communicate in person, and it ruins relationships and connections between people, like family and friends, so we need to start caring about the people around us, and not always rely on technology. In conclusion, you can see the negative effect computers have on people. We need to excercise more. Also, we need to help our environment. And lastly, we need to communcate better with friends and family. We shouldn't get rid of computers, but just step away and care about the world around you."	4	4	8
437	"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 name is @PERSON1 and I am a @ORGANIZATION1 citizen. I believe that computers do NOT benefit society of all! In @CAPS1 opinion, they make our town worse. People spend way too much time on their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. All of these things are @CAPS3 computers are doing to our society and it's time to make a stop to it! First of all, people are on the computer way too much. Teens are on social networking sites, adults are on chatrooms, and kids are playing computer games. Instead of that, people should be playing outside, or going for a walk in the park. Did you know that @PERCENT1 of adults are overweight? If people cut back the amount of time indoors, we could probably bring that number way down. Also, who knows @CAPS3 teens are doing on the computer. Computers have good things but they can also be bad. For example, chatrooms who knows @CAPS3 kind of people are in chatrooms. Children need to be careful about @CAPS3 they say or show on the internet. Instead of playing games or talking to their boyfriends and girlfriends, teens should go outside and exercise. Second, more citizens need to enjoy nature and the beautiful senery around them. Were all so busy running to check our e-mail, we don't notice @CAPS3 a beautiful day it is outside. On a nice @DATE1 or @DATE2 day, people should take this kids to a local park or pond. This reminds me of last @DATE2 when I went to @CAPS1 cousins house. @CAPS1 aunt only allowed us to watch one hour as a day, that included the computer. We were outside every single day, even if we were just staring into the clouds. This kept us active and enjoy the environment. @CAPS1 last reason why computers are badly affecting society is that computers take time away from interacting with family and friends. I know @CAPS3 your thinking, when your on the computer you are talking to family and friends, but it isn't the same. Instead of instant messaging call them. Maybe even invite them our to talk face to face. That reminds me of @CAPS1 sister. When I get home, she will normally be on @CAPS2. Now, instead of getting up and coming to talk to me she will text me ""@CAPS3's up?"" or ""@CAPS4 was your day?"" Computers help people communicate, but they also take communication away. As you can see, I have given you three reasons why I strongly believe computers are badly @ORGANIZATION1. Not only @ORGANIZATION1 but everywhere! You need to open your eyes and understand that people spend way too much time on computers, they allow people to not enjoy nature, or interact with their families. Please I'm asking you to understand that our society will crash it we don't fix this issue. So @CAPS3 are you going to do about it?"	5	5	10
438	"Dear Readers' @ORGANIZATION1 the Local Newspaper, I am almost certain you interact daily with computer. You use computers to write, play games, look at pictures, and print work out. There are dozens @ORGANIZATION1 practical for computers but nowadays, many people, especially children, are using computers excessively. This unnecessary usage @ORGANIZATION1 computers can cause obesity, expose children to mappropriate things & destroy family time. Readers, hear my arguement and by the end @ORGANIZATION1 the paper you will surely agree with me that computers are detrimental to society. Have you ever made a @ORGANIZATION2 @CAPS1's @CAPS2 to lose weight? It's not uncommon for one to make such a goal. According to the @ORGANIZATION2, @PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION1 adults make their @ORGANIZATION2 @CAPS1's @CAPS2 to get in shape, exercise nore or just lose weight. We've all seen the commercials on @CAPS4 that encourage you to ""@CAPS5 @CAPS6!"" @CAPS7 you too can ""lose weight in just one week""! There are also plenty @ORGANIZATION1 entrepenuers out there that want to convince you to buy their exercise product @CAPS7 you can develop outrageously large muscles in ""no time at all"". But do all these & exercise plans really work? According to a study done by the @ORGANIZATION1, the largest cause @ORGANIZATION1 obesity is actually computers! The students at @LOCATION1 had one group @ORGANIZATION1 people try a regular commercial diet plan & another group @ORGANIZATION1 people do exactly what they've been doing... Except their computers. They found that the group who from computer use lost nearly @PERCENT2 more weight on average them the group on the comercial diet! Nothing is causing obesity in @LOCATION2 them computer. A familier day for an average child in @LOCATION2 goes like this: go to school, home on the bus, use computer eat dinner, do homework, go to bed. Unfotunately, these happens @NUM1 days a week & the computer time is eating up none other than the exercise time. Readers please, try avoiding you computers for just one week, and you can forget those jet plane. Another negative @ORGANIZATION1 computers is that it not only affects an individual but possildy an entire family! Many children can go an entire day without sitting down & talking to their parents. My friend @PERSON1 often hope from school and goes straight up to to use his laptop without even saying hello to his parents. Computers have become nearly an addiction to most teenagers. @PERCENT3 @ORGANIZATION1 teens in @LOCATION2 say they use computers daily & @PERCENT4 say they have trouble communication with their parents. There is a direct connection between the lack @ORGANIZATION1 communication at home for teens & computer usage. Teens become in their society lives and become to their computers. What they don't notize is that they're totally forgetting about their families! I know I've made the mistake @ORGANIZATION1 becoming too attached to socia networking to remember my family but luckily I have a stable family environment. Some teens don't have that luxury. Computers have the ability to destroy parent-child relationships, don't let that happen to you. Your children are without a doubt, through, the ones a by this technical revolution the most. From the time they were your children probably had a keyboard at their fingertips. Do parents ever realize what they're getting their children into when they teach them how to use a computer though. Children as young as @NUM2 or @NUM3 years old are exposed to profamily, & vulgar pictures on the web on supposed ""safe sides"". Do you even realize who your child's talking to on the computer? With all the @CAPS8's & emails flying around, you could be talking to a complete stranger without-even knowing. An enormous part @ORGANIZATION1 who your child become & the values they hold is a product @ORGANIZATION1 what they were exposed to @ORGANIZATION1 a young age. Bring a computer to your kindergartrer & you can probably guess what they'll grow up with. No matter how much you think or believe on the safety @ORGANIZATION1 computer, you cannot argue with the fact that computer expose children to adult content very early in their lives. @CAPS7 do you look at your computer differently @CAPS6? Faced with the concerns @ORGANIZATION1 lack @ORGANIZATION1 exercise, separation @ORGANIZATION1 families & mappriate natural children do you really want your children, or even you for that matter, using a computer daily. Think a head @NUM4 years from @CAPS6. Will you say ""I wish I used my computer"" or ""I wish I spent more time"". In the end, the choice is really up to you."	6	5	11
439	"Dear people from the newspaper, I am concerned that people take too much time on the computer because it could cause trouble, voilence, & illegal crimes. First, I am concerned that people spend too much time on the computer because it couses trouble, in @DATE2, @PERCENT1 @DATE1 people in the @LOCATION1, do bad stuff like starting rumors, & saying bad stuff about people they dispise, in the @DATE1, @PERCENT2 @DATE1 teens form ages @NUM1 were envolven with the rumor spreading. This would be bad for all children. All these reasons will lead to the @NUM2 below. Secondly, I am concerned that people spend too much time on the computer because it couses voilence, because @DATE1 the reasons started in the @NUM3 paragraph, if all this continues, then it @MONTH1 & lead to voilence, in @DATE1 @NUM4 people died from all the crimes online. @NUM5 threats were found online from big websites like @CAPS1, @CAPS2 & @CAPS3. Lastly, I am concerned that people spend too much time on the computer because it could lead to illegal crimes, In @DATE3 a girl was talking to a boy online then when they decided to meet, he shot & killed her. It turned out he was just a person who lied about who he was online, @CAPS4 on a website online, a group @DATE1 men were talking about now much they hated kids so they decided to shot them @ their bus stops. Thank god that the police caught them before they were to do the crime In conclusion, I am concenred that people are spending too much time on the computer because it causes trouble, voilence, & illegal crimes. This @CAPS5 like totally needs to stop before everyone is addicted to spreading rumors. Thank you for your time in reading this letter"	4	4	8
440	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 would you want to do in your spare time? Would you go outside and maybe @CAPS3 the soccer ball around with your kids, or grab a bag of chips and log onto facebook or your email? The question is, do computers have a negative or positive effect on people. I believe that computers have a negative effect. Talking to friends on the computer doesn't let you learn social skills. Going on the computer can also be very addicting. Finally, it take's away from all the exercise you need. I @CAPS4 that after careful consideration you will agree with me that computers have a negative effect on people. Facebook, ichat and email are all fun and easy ways to talk to your friends and family online. However, are you really gaining any social skills by doing this? Talking to friends and family online doesn't help you have good social skills. When you first meet someone in person, you most likely want to @CAPS4 @CAPS2 to say and how to act. Typing on a keyboard doesn't really let you interact with people. @CAPS6 not invite someone over, or go out to lunch with your family istead? Computers also are very addicting. I can say for myself that once I log onto the computer, I might not be off for the next hours. This is the case for many other people too. Going on the computer is addicting. Il @CAPS4 that not everyone is using a computer on a daily basis the vast majority of people are. When I'm on facebook and I see the number of people online is one hundred or even two hundred, as time goes by, the number increases. The computer being addicting leads to getting enough exercise. Doctors say that adults and kids should get atleast an hour of exercise a day. Going on the computer takes away from this time. Instead of sitting on the computer for an hour, you could be getting your hour of exercise. instead A lot of times when someone @CAPS5 down at the computer, a snack goes with them. This just adds onto the fact @CAPS6 getting the exercise is important to stay healthy. I @CAPS4 that I would feel a lot better if I went for a run instead of going on the computer. You are probably saying that you have time to manage both, but some people would rather exercise. When these people see you on the computer, @CAPS2 kind of example does it set? If everyone limited their time on the computer we would all feel a lot better and be more social. I trust that you will agree with me that computers have a negative effect on people."	5	4	9
441	"Dear editor, I hear you are looking for your citizens opinion in if computers are bad or good. @CAPS1 opinion is computers are bad. I think computers are bad in three ways and I want to express them to your and hopefully persuade you into going towards @CAPS1 side. Smell nice out to day. I can smell flowers, the grass, and many more, @CAPS1 first reason why computers are bad is if you use the computer to much you don't see enough of enjoying nature. Nature is beautiful, it has @CAPS2, green grass, rainbows (sometimes). You can make a walk of in the moons and just be yourself and be by yourself. In other words nature is very nice and you should set out and enjoy it. If you don't enjoy nature it might be no late, because soon it become and rainy and then, yes fem has flabberlasting colors, but what comes after fall, winter. Winter is not nice, it is cold. You work, because you need to shovel the drive way and your car off and that can get very tire some. The goof of is you can get those chorse. Oh not that make me to. @CAPS1 next reason why computers are bad. When was a good smile run. @CAPS1 next reason why I think computers are bad is spend all working and no time exersing. Excersing is a very fun thing to do, you fel to go outside. Hang with friends, any many shore. Exercise is a main way of staying healthy. don't you can really get unhealthy, and sick and his dies, die i have a friend whom nothing use. The computer his body rest weaker and weaker so exercise ias am main piece of staing healthy. there are many ways to health you can bike, run, walk, rog canate, climb a mountain, etc. The posibilitys are endless while exercesing in the park you never knew you can meet. car's fast say your friend, ""yo sup man,"" ""not, you"" ""not much, just fiding around for some exercise"" ""same here, same here"" see you never know who you can meet in the park now that was @CAPS1 friend. he is alwasys here, out how as you think, yep in the same park. I wouldn't have met him if i was insine on the computer. Like i said be what was @CAPS1 friend. But since I come here every day i can meet a new friend every day maybe. So @CAPS1 last reason why I think the computer is bad is because you don't get enough interacting time with friends and family. I love @CAPS1 family but I interact with them. If they are exercising who if i am here on the computer. no one can. In conclusion I think the computer are bad because you can not get enought time exercising, enjoying nature, and spending @CAPS3 time with family and friends."	4	5	9
442	"Dear local newspaper, I am writing to tell you I think that computers are a good thing because they let people communicate, tons of people haves jobs because of computers and People have help with homework because of computers. People communicate by email and aim and facebook and everything else. People have jobs on computers like cortreporters and tax-retelers and sales people. Lastley kids do homework on the computer and look up stuff ""@CAPS1 related"" on the computer and the other stuff like that. lastley I think computers are good for people, they help with education, work and comunication with friends and family."	3	2	5
443	"To editor, @CAPS1's a beautiful day. The sun is shining, the birds are chirping, and a lazy breeze is flowing through the trees. But you don't notice any of @CAPS1 because you're plopped down in front of your comuter tapping away on @CAPS2 or email. With modern technology. This is a common scenario. Experts are concerned that excessive computer use can harm your health, hamper your social skills, and cause you to be disconnected from nature. While computers are helpful in our lives too much of one thing is never a good thing. As mentioned, camputers have can a negative effect on your health. Computers cause people to be lazy. They would rather @CAPS2 and email than go outside and excersize in the cool, crisp, fresh air. In fact, statistics recently released by the @ORGANIZATION1 show that computers are the @NUM1 leading reason for obesity. And weight problems are not the only thing computer to worry about. Too much time in front of the computer will also take @CAPS1's toll on your eyes. Even local doctors have pointed @CAPS1. ""@CAPS4 since computers have become a common household item, the number of i have eye has gone up about @NUM2 or @NUM3 more kids every year than the year says @ORGANIZATION3 of the @ORGANIZATION2. And if that isn't enough, typing too many this @CAPS5 and emails day after day can give you repetetive syndrome, also known as carpal tunnel. Carpal tunnel used to be more when typewriters were big, but dwindled down once computers with newer, easier to type on keyboards came around. But excessive daily use of computers is causing doctors to see more cases of carpal tunnel crop up. @CAPS1 is clear that if you want to stay healthy, computer usage should be limited. Secondly, too much time spent on the computer affect your ability to communicate with others. Computers are helpful when you need to talk to someone but people have gott on so used in @CAPS1 that they sometimes find @CAPS1 awkward to talk to someone face to face. Their eyes look everywhere except for the person, they shift their weight back and forth and struggle to find the right words to say things that should be easy. This awkwardness can also ruin previously close friendships. Friends will talk to each other endlessly through @CAPS2, but have no words for each other when they meet face to face. I remember @DATE1, i didn't see one of my friends at all; we just @CAPS8 each other daily. When we saw each other at school, we found @CAPS1 hard to carry a conversation and @CAPS1 took some getting used to talking face to face again. And this isn't the only way friendships are ut on the line by computers. Personal and meaningful conversations @MONTH1 sometimes be. You're on the phone with your friend and you're telling her about something important that you need advice on. A few seconds after you begin talking you're interrupted by a loud @CAPS7! followed by a ""hold on, so and so just @CAPS8 me."" @CAPS9, computers seriously social skills and personal relationships. Another reason to watch how much time you spend on the comuter is that @CAPS1 can cause you to"	4	6	10
444	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, I am writing to tell you about the effects computers have on people. They teach hand-eye coordination, lets people search @CAPS1 places, talk online with people like family and friends. First, the computers teach hand eye coordination it helps you become a better speller and type fast or type without looking at the keys I know it helped me and im sure it will help you too. Secondly, computers lets you interact with family and friends and lets you make friends like myspace you talk to your friends and make @CAPS1 ones facebook is more mature if you ask me twitter also its just away for you too talk to your friends yahoo, gmail, aol. Even teacher es lets the teachers communicate with parents so it helps you communicate without everyone being in your conversation on the phone. Next, it helps you search @CAPS1 and old places like landmarks or bussnesses like salons, nail palors. Gyms and @CAPS1 resturant you can even search when a movie is goin to come out. A computer can help you very much in this type of case. In conculsion computers are good they help you inform you and they can teach you I love my computer it helps me with homework and helps me study. Say you cant talk with someone over the phone, you can email or chat with them and it's so cool/fun and it interesting how you can learn @CAPS1 things it lets you upload pictures, music videos and you can type essays. The computer is very educational."	3	4	7
445	"@CITY1 @CAPS1: I believe that computers (for now) are a good thing for our society. They allow you to see places. If you have a long distance relationship you can talk to them and they have many good excessories. What if you were looking for a new home? You could use google to search of selling homes in a certain location. Then finding some one to move your stuff for a fair price. Computers have many websites that you can go to when looking for that special place. The computer is also handy when you are going on vacation. You can look up the weather for that time. If you are going somewhere for, you can use the computer to find a plane. Computers are helpful when it comes to places! The excessories on the computer are endless. One big excessory that people like to do is games. Games are great to get your mind going. Practically all of the grades require hand-eye coordination. For example, @ORGANIZATION1. You need to remove all the tiles before the time runs out! If you are bored, games are very fun. I think that games are a great excessory. Some people have long distance relationships right? Well, if you have a computer you can have an online. This relieves many people when they know your not there. If you have an email, you can "talk" to your friends that you dont see at school. This gives you a chance to connect with them. Myspace and facebook are very similar. These are what you can use to talk to your friends at school. Computers are very useful. As you can see, I have stated many good reasons. Excessories, "talking" to people. Also, places. Many people use computers in their every day life. Computers are awsome!"	4	4	8
446	"Dear local newspaper, I believe computers doesn't benefit society. I feel this way being that lack of email skills, no exercising, and its addicting. Read on for further explaing. Firstly, spending hours and hars on the computer gives you no social skills what on ever. You could think before you reply and most people online talk or write way differently there then in person. People could act like someone else. Online you could erase what you wrote but in person you can't. Thats way you simply can't gain social skills sending all this time talking online. Next, you get no exercises. On a nice beautiful @DATE1 you'll be inside on the computer when you could be getting exercise. Being on line sitting down doing nothing just talking makes you lazy. When you're older you'll have to be writing. You can't just good all these long house on the computer. Furthermore, you should have your time for on the computer and exercising. Finally, its addicting some people could good hours and hours on the computer looking up all these videos. Seven out of ten teenagers rather be inside in the computer talking to people rather then meeting new people elsewhere. I think parents should restrict their children's time to be on computers. All this time with this fun could be spent doing studying or something to help you out in the future. In conclusion, i believe computers doesn't benefit society. I feel this way being lack of social skills, no exercise, and addicting. I think some people shold limit their time another computer and expand their time doing something important."	4	3	7
447	Dear - Local Newspaper I agree thats computers are good for society. Without computers a lot of things couldn’t be done. Computers are sometimes the easy way out. And thats why I love them. Computers almost makes anything possible. Now say if your an elderly person and you cant get up and your bodys really bad. Well all you need is a computer. You can pay your bills online or you can get a job online or even shop online. All you need is a computer. Computers are also good if your lazy. You can just lay in bed all day and go online to work or to the mall and order things all youll have to care about is personal hygenic. Sometimes computers take a lot of stress of you. No more ignorant co-workers or no angry boss everythings a-okay. Computers are also swel because its the eazy way out. But you have to make sure you get a good computer. Not and old one because it can breakdown. Dats one reason why computers arent so good. But as i said computers are very good they might be a little pesky but ones you get the hand of them everything gonna be alright and remember you can do almost anything with a computer.	4	3	7
448	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 people are using technology. A lot of them feel that it is helping and improving their learning ability, others disagree. I personally feel that computers are an advantage but also disadvantage. I say it can be an advantage because it is giving people a chance to experience above and beyond what they are learning. I say it is a disadvantage because a lot of people are on the computer and they don't get a lot of exercise. There are pros and cons to computers but manly cons. How long do you stay on the computer? @CAPS2 people find computers more entertaing than going outside and getting some exercise. Since technology is advancing, more and more people are going out to buy computers. A lot of teenagers are spending more and more time on the computer, playing games and going on their favorite websites. That is one reason why children from the ages @NUM1 and up are obese. They don't get enough exercise. That also leads into people spending time with your friends and family. I know alot of people like to spend time with their friends and family. But what if you were always on the computer and never made time to hang out with your friends or family. Your friends might ask you to go to the park with them, and you say no. Your friends are going to start pulling away from you. You might end up being lonely. Being on the computer constantly can ruins your life. If you are choosing the computer over other important thing, then I think we have a problem. Going on the computer all the time can became an addiction. I don't think people realize it, but it can. I can take over your life. I say this because when you have an addiction to anything, it is hard to stop. It is possible to stop all by yourself but thats rare. Majority of the times it is best to seek help, I personally think you should take all of these reasonings into consideration."	4	4	8
449	"Have you ever wondered what life would be like without computers? Some experts are concerned that people are using too much time on the computers. I believe we should still use computers. Without a doubt using a computer helps us learn. The computer helps us learn about other places in the world. @PERCENT1 of people say they would love to look at beautiful places in the world. Computers also can teach you how to speak a language. @PERSON1 of @ORGANIZATION1 says that ""taking spanish online helped im a lot on her class. Computers now offer online study groups that can help us get into a college. Many people would agree that using a computer helps us learn new things. Its a fact that you instead other people on computers. You meet new people when you are in the computer. Most people live meeting other people online. You also learn social on the computer. @PERCENT2 of people say they learn social on the computer. People also can learn to have a personality because they in use. @PERSON2 says that ""because I got on the computer I didn't have the personality but I feel like a whole person. As you interact with people on the computers. Did you know that a computer teacher in life say if you need to use a computer in your will one already. @PERSON3 says that using a computer helped you type. Using a computer helped hand eye coordination. You type a lot of essays in college too os that can help you as well. So now you know that a computer helps you in the future. Without a doubt people should still use computers are helpful in many ways. So what are you waiting for go out and go your computer today!"	4	5	9
450	"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 opinion on computers is that I think they are the most helpful thing in our society and it benefits us greatly. Lets say if I wanted to see what across the world looks like, or even what the surface of the moon, mars, venus, jupiter, ect. I could just go onto a computer open or download a program a there it is. Computers also help people express there creativity by here a program that aloose you to draw or biuld. I bet the even help young children became smarter by biulding things on the computer. Another things computers do is open lots of jobs and in a bad econimy people need all the help they can get. With a computer you can keep people alive and bretheing you can find broken bones or tomors, you can biuld briges, homes by making blue prints. The last thing computers help us do is the most importen and that is helps people learn. By making simulation of the titanic a space ships or the floor. They help find information even if its about people you can see people on a computer with a camra for or save a life by fing were they crased on there plane or. Thats why computers are the most helpful thing we have @DATE1 and we should keep learning and progressing to make us more advance and smarter."	4	4	8
451	"Dear Local Newspaper, Have you ever thought about how computers effect human beings? The impacts? The results? The education? I believe that computers have a positive effect on people. Computers allow people to talk with others online, have the ability to educate in certain areas, and teach hand-eye coordination. Who says the only way to contact or communicate with someone is through letters or the phone? The technology brought upon using computers allows people to talk online with others in a fast, easy, enjoyable way. Have a question that you have to ask a friend, but someone else is using the phone? Write a letter! Oh wait, letters can take up todays and your question is urgent! The computer is an easy alternative for communication. Say you're an amazing singer with a beautiful voice and you want to find an agent more than anything. Computers are so advanced in technology that they can find you an agent in no time. E-mail, websites, @CAPS1, and more, are all ways you can contact that agent. Computers are a great way to communicate. The mind is an extrordinary thing. It can be filled with knowledge, and still have the ability to learn and understand more. Reading books is a fantastic way to learn, but the internet has so much more to offer and you are not only reading from one great author, but tons of great authors. The computer allows you to learn about far away places and important people without making that trip to the library. Have you ever heard of online colleges? They are advertised on @CAPS2.V. all the time. Some people @MONTH1 think that learning from home, laying in bed with a laptop placed in front of them is a distractive way to learn. But what about being comfortable and not intiminated by anyone else around you? Computers can help you get your college degree in a comfortable environment. Hand-eye coordinatin is an excellet and wonderful thing to have. Along with videogames, computer games teach you exactly that. Parents @MONTH1 think we kids are wasting our time playing games on the computer, but we are actually challenging our minds and our hand-eye coordinatin ability. Computers are key when it comes to pysicological learing. Handeye coordinatin is taught to us through games and such that we play without us even knowing it. Hand-eye coordination allows us to catch a ball or play sports, and computers help us acheive that."	5	5	10
452	"Dear @LOCATION1 Newspaper: @CAPS1 you really think computers are that good? Computers are so helpful today almost everyone has one. Computers are wonderful they are great ways to find information, they connect people from all over the world, and offer many @ORGANIZATION1 opportunities, hopefully at the end of this letter you will agree with me. Firstly, they help people find information. Computers are great ways to find information with google and other programs like it the whole world is at your fingertips. In my school surveys show @PERCENT1 of all students use the computer to help them research for school projects and asignments with computers you can view many diffrent websites from all around the world about a topic and you can even find online books that you can use, this is one way computers are a great thing out there are two other great reasons. Secondly, with computers the wole world becomes smaller as people begin to know more and more people through the computer. More than @PERCENT2 of people email, @CAPS2, or videochat on a daily baes. Isnt it great when you mnake a great friend in collage but you find out he/she lives halfway around the world, to know that you can still keep in touch with the computer, did you know that many people in the in the military use videochat to keep in touch with their loved one back home? Computers are great because they connect people and allow them to be together even when they cannot be together, but there is still one even better reason why computers are good. Finally, computers ofter many opportunities like education and jobs. Today there are many single parrents more than in any other time according to @ORGANIZATION1 and the number is still drastickly increasing with this economy some of those parrents could really use a better education to help them bring in more money for their familys, but when can they find time to go to school with work and then the kids? Now there are many online collage courses you can take to get the education you have always wanted with kraigslist and other online adds many people can post job ofering while others can email those people their resume to try to get the job, but by seeing adds posted online people can apply easier from farther away. Computers open many great oppertunities for people. Computers are very cool machines that many people take fergranted, they help give people information, as well as connect people from around the world and offer many @ORGANIZATION1 oppertunities. So @LOCATION1 Newspaper I hope you can try to understand my view on why computers are so great."	5	4	9
453	"Dear Local Newspaper: Are computers possitively affecting society? As technology advances, humans are relying on them more and more; most people use them daily. I believe computers effect people possitively because they help write papers, are a social tool, and are a big help with research. After reading this letter there will be no doubt that computers have a possitive effect on people in society. My first reason why computers have a possitive effect on people is they help with writing papers. Whether it is writing a resume, a science report, or a spreadsheet, none of these are ever seen nowadays done by hand. Everyone expects to see the flawlessly inked letters on the printer paper in whatever piece of writing it is. This helps the people writing the paper because writing takes many drafts to get the piece perfect; it is a pain to write each draft by hand. In additio, it is easier to read someone's writing @CAPS1 its typed, especially @CAPS1 the writer has hand writing. However, computers help in more than just writing papers. My second reason why computers passitively effect people is by being a social tool. Many websites online these days have social networks such as youtube, facebook, twitter, and myspace. In the listed websites above and many others as well, people can meet other people through other friends and games. The nice thing about meeting them online is that you don't have to plan a time to meet the person, @CAPS1 you are both online you guys can begin chatting. The chatting also helps @CAPS1 people have long-distance relationships, whether friends, mates, or family. Online chatting help people stay in-touch with someone they might not see everyday. That is a big help with everyone's social life, keeping then us ""the "" @CAPS2, online sites like eharmony or match.com take people with little time to worry about love and match them with their perfect mate. This also helps people who are shy get married and start a family. This helps people live happier lives, another possitive effect. Finally, computers possitively effect people by making research much easier. My dad always says ""You kids got it easy. @CAPS1 I was growing up, we'd to go to the library and spend hours researching before we could write our papers."" @CAPS3, its simple. Using the internet and a search engine, all you have to do is type a topic and you can get all the latest articles in just seconds. Libraries might not have the most recent books, or someone might've checked out your topic's book. Then what can you do? The internet is also an extremely useful help @CAPS1 the research topic is very specific, if its a certain becteria or species that a book @MONTH1 only briefly mention. The internet has a much broader range of articles, so it is much easier to find information for any topic. With research, taking less time to understand, people can spend more time enjoying the day, like playing outside, than in the library stressing because they cannot find a book on their topic. This is a strong reason why computers should not be seen as a negative effect on society. To conclude, computers have a possitive effect on society, because they help write papers, they are a social tool, and are a big help with research. Where would we be if we had to handwrite everything? Think about how many fewer friends or maybe even relationships we would have without social websites. What about how hours of research are @CAPS3 two clicks away? Computers have changed our lives for the better, and we should appreciate all the do for us."	6	5	11
454	"Dear @CAPS1, I - like many other people my age - love to sit in front of a computer and explore it's wonders. But that does not mean that I spend my whole life on it like others. So I can see what too much computer time can do. It has made kids my age more aggressive, have health problems, and care even less about the environment. More and more kids are falling into those traps. Too much computer time can make even the nicest person extremely aggressive. I know from past experience that when you bother people when they are on their obsession, they will snap at you, yell, or even start swearing at you, or maybe get violent. If someone stays up to late on the computer, the next day could mean that they're cranky from the lack of sleep. This aggression @MONTH1 cause others to get aggressive in response, which @MONTH1 lead to a verbal or physical fight, which (hopefully) nobody wants. Another issue too much computer time can cause, @CAPS1, are even more health issues. Staying inside all day will keep people from getting the neccessary amount of vitamin @CAPS3 they need which is a vital nutricious vitamin that comes from the sun itself. Not getting enough vitamin @CAPS3 throughout a person's childhood can result in getting an illness called @CAPS5 later in life, which never truly goes away and hinders people from doing the things they love. Too much computer time also means people aren't getting enough exercise, and with the way we eat now, those two things can add up to making a person obeie. Others who do not want to get the proper amount of exercise or eat right and at the same time do not want to become obeisce, @MONTH1 to anorexia. Neither or these weight problems are very good for you, proving my point about the health issues of too much computer time. The issue I will have you read @CAPS1, is how people will become even less caring of the environment. Some of the big technology companies side-step around environmental protection laws to find cheaper ways to make their products and the thing is, no one cares! No one cares so long as they get their newer and better piece of technology. Everyone will just keep protecting these companies to get what they want to satisfy the craving for more computers. Now, I'm not saying that having any computer time is bad. I'm just trying to prove that too much is bad for you. That with too much computer time, people can become more aggresive, have health issues, and become even less caring of the environment. Therefore I urge you @CAPS1 to write an article in the newspaper about the effects of too much computer time, to make it known to everyone in the city. It might help us make a better future."	5	5	10
455	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I have @NUM1 reasons why computers effects have on people. First, computers are not good for your eyes. Second, the reason why people get on computers a lot. Third, there are so much games and places to go like myspace, facebook and even twitter and much more. Keep on reading so I could tell you all about my three reasons. First of all, computers are not good for your eyes because computers are like @CAPS3's is the something but not really because computer as more information and @CAPS3 dont really got so much information you could browse for. My second reason is that the more people be on computers the more blind they could get just for being on the computers for a hour or more. Third, some people dont even dare if they be on ocmputer they wont they might think that just becaus ethey wear gasses they wont get blinder but they are wrong they will get more blinder. As you reading you will find out my second reason fro being to much in the computer. My second reason, is that why people get in computers alot well peopel get on computers just to their or do their taxes but that is not good because just because your doing your bills or your taxes you  to alot of information that people in other countries or state could get without you knowing , second is that people or get on computers to pay their bills or do their taxes they also get on the computer to maybe order something or buy a ticket to fly to a place they want to go like a vacation place or a business trip. my third reason is that they not only buy or order things but thet get in websites that will make their lives better like meeting soembody special or something else. As you keep reading you will find out my third reason for being to much and so long in the computers. My third reason, is that their are alot of activities to do in the computer for a example myspace, facebook and twitter are the most popular website that people get in just to meet new people and talk to old friends. In conclusion, people should not be on computer too much because of their health and their privacy and also to be sure not to meet strange people. "	4	5	9
456	"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 my opinion on this is that people do use computer's a lot! Some people don’t care about exercising, or enjoying nature, maybe people dont even have friends so they spent a lot of there time on the computer because they have no life or maybe they just go on websites that are addictive. For example @CAPS2.com, people/kids have one of those? They chat with friends or maybe even boyfriends. Enyways thats my opinion. Another opinion is that I think people should not spend most of there time on the computer. I think that because people should be having fun, socializing with people, and living there life! So this is what I I think, my opinion about ""Computers""."	3	3	6
457	"I think that computers are a good thing to have because most are portable, there fun to have, and you could research a lot of thing on them. Laptops are cary round computurs. They are very convient to have. You could bring them anywhere you would like. Many people have laptops in their home or with them. There fun to have because you could play many games on your free time with them too. Another thing you could do is make videos. Last but not least you could just enjoy it. You could research a lot of things on them. Internet is a very succesful product. That means you could use it for your home work if you need help. Anthor thing is that you could type up essays that you have to do for work and or school. I think computers are good to have because most are portable, there fun to have, and you could research a lot of things on them."	4	3	7
458	"Dear @CAPS1, Have you ever used a computer to do anything besides buisness? Well if not then when you are not busy you should try it. The effects computers have on people is that it's a lot of fun to go on and play, helpful with mostly anything, and you can find just about anything from websites on clothing to maps to the store location. There are three reasons why you should agree with me and these reasons are people have the right to choose what they want to, in this weather it's a little bit to cold to go out and enjoy nature, lastly they can interact with friends and familys online on a website. People have the right to choose what they do because the goverment can't choose for you since they're busy with other more important stuff. Also in the constitution it states that the goverment can't choose for us while we have the power to think. In this weather it's cold to go out, plus nature is so much better in the @DATE1 and the @DATE2 where it's not to hot to cold and thats when the sun is good thats when people should enjoy nature. With all the technology in todays world it's better to take advantage of the technology in this world, also the technology we have is helping people like generators because in old times people didn't have generators. So I hope this letter has changed your opinion and thank you for reading it."	4	4	8
459	"Dear @PERSON2, @CAPS1 a “home on your town; all you hear is, “mom, mom , mom drive me to the library to get books”. You see many residents just dying to go to foreign countries but have no money. Is this what you want every home to start looking like? Computers have a great affect on people seeing as it allows people to talk and interact with one another. You can learn about places you’ve always wanted to go to and it is probably the device that makes your life easiest. For these reasons computers are what benefits society most. First of all, computers let friends and family talk without spending a nickel. I know I have relatives who are too poor to pay the high costs of phone bills that come their way when we need to talk this means that not everyone can afford talking on a phone, but a computer costs nothing to use. Also, in the @ORGANIZATION3 issue @NUM1, @DATE1 @NUM2 a recent poll showed that @PERCENT1 of people who own computer use it to talk instead of on a phone. I know some people say that computers are too time consuming, but if this many people use computers to talk, there’s no need to worry about paying phonebills. Also, @PERSON1 a @CAPS2 of @ORGANIZATION4 says that less people needed a loan when the computer came out with instant messaging and video chatting. This shows that friends and families stopped paying massive phonebills and just talked online. Furthermore, just from using a computer anyone can find facts about lands halfway across the @LOCATION1. What’s more is that they can be in the bedroom or room. A boy name @CAPS3 @PERSON4 who attends @ORGANIZATION1 said that he always wanted to go to when he was little and was as when he looked up @LOCATION2 and facts and pictures on the web. Also, @PERSON3 a teacher at @ORGANIZATION5 @ORGANIZATION1 task a poll asking how many students did projects having to do with foreign countries and @PERCENT2 of them they did. That means that so many people need to resourced foreign countries and need to use a computer to find out about it. It shows that many more use computers to visit faraway lands. Last but not least, computers are just about the convenient thing to have in a recent poll done by @ORGANIZATION2 showed that @PERCENT3 at people would rather have a computer than a car that just shows the important computers are. Also, I used to think computers were bad for you and everything, but when I received one for my @NUM3 birthday, I found out how useful they were. Many people say computers are time comsuming because they haven’t used one yet. Also did you know that million people use a computer that’s more than half their population and such a poor country? That shows her important computers are and how convenient. All and all, now @CAPS1 have if happy residents, laughing on the computer they do because computers allow them to talk with friends learn and visit foreign countries and are so convenient @PERSON2 and readers computers withour a doubt benefit society."	6	5	11
460	"Dear Local Newspaper, Local newspaper do you think that the computer is a good technology in our generation today? Well I do not believe it is a good technology in our generation. Do not get me wrong. I do not like to go on the computer bat their are so many reasons why computers affect alot of children and some adults in this generation. Like one reason is when people are on the computer all day long they do not get enough exercise. That is why kids these days are so over wheight there are more than @NUM1 million children over wheight because of the computer . Like for me I use to love goin on the computer and I still do bat I see that the computer is dostroying my heatlh. A second reason why I believe is bad for the generation because there are alot of inapropreate sites on the internet, where kids that are @NUM2 and younger could be logging on to. I think that people all over the world should start enjoying nature, go travle the world. Start doing things that people cant do on the computer. I think that more kids should start interesting with family and friend more often. of talking to your friend all the time. My last and finally reason that is a big thing is going on in the computer is people bullying other people the internet, local newspaper have would you if you have any daughters, sons, grand and. If they was getting bullyed over that internet or concern them to kill them or hurty them. I think you would horribly and you would want that person to go to jail. For now on I am going to think when I spend all mu time on the computer how it affect my life and my family, friends. I belive other people in the world should do the same thing."	4	4	8
461	"Dear Newspaper people, @CAPS1! Isn't computers just swell? I mean why aren't they you can one learn up on your knowledge, two you can play alot of fun games, and last but not least we can talk to our friend. Well I hope you enjoy my essay about the computer world. Have you ever had any diffuclty finding something in a libery? Well forget your libery cards just go on the computer's @CAPS2. On there you can fin what ever your looking for. One time I was doing a project on my favorite rocker @ORGANIZATION1, so my mom told me to check the libery for a book on him but I couldn't find one. So instead I just jumped on my computer but not really jump on @CAPS4 but any way so I went on the @CAPS2 and guess what! I found all I needed to know about him getting me that rocking at on my project. i mean ther's alot more you can learn with the computer like what's going on in the world around us or even learn about little world around us or even learn about little insects to big plants. Well that's what I got for using the @CAPS2 for knowledge. Welcome back! Well now I'm going to tell you about a few games you can play on the computer. The game I'm going to tell you about is my favorite game and @CAPS4's called left @NUM1 dead @NUM2; @CAPS5 you never played the game your probably like that game sound really hard and scary well @CAPS4 is. i'm just kidding @CAPS4 can be hard at first and a little scary but @CAPS4's still fun. Another game I enjoy playing is a online game called, '@PERSON1,"" the game is fun and all but @CAPS4 takes a while to do and kill the fun stuff. For example I'm a lvl. @NUM3 mage and I can take on lvl. @NUM4 @CAPS7 because I can use high leveled spells. but anyways there alot of things to do on a computer. Like me you can kill zombie hared or just do a quest or two, who cares @CAPS4's in you hands have fun. Now the last thing I'm going to tell you about is how you can talk to you friends over the @CAPS2. well like me I moved so I couldn't really hangout with my friends so I got there @CAPS9-mail so now I can talk and see my friends on a webcam. Another good reason to be able to use the @CAPS10 or computer is you can talk to family members who joined the @ORGANIZATION2. My uncle joined the @ORGANIZATION2 and he's going to be leaving soon so I'm to be wanting to see him so I'll see him on webcam or be able to chat with him. Well that my reason why @CAPS4's a good reason to have a computer. One you can use @CAPS4 to learn, two some hard care gaming, and three just talk to friends. Thank you and have a nice day."	5	4	9
462	"Dear newspaper readers, @CAPS1 this! Sitting at home on the couch eating a bag of potato chips. The @CAPS2 shows a beautiful picture of the @LOCATION1 you can almost feel the rain falling on you, you really want to learn more about it. All of a sudden you watch the remote fall to the ground you hand eye coordination is so bad you totally miss it when you try to grab it. On top of that, you remember you were supposed to meet your sister today who you seen for years but you can’t! if you had a computer you would be to learn about more places and people, it would improve your hand eye coordination, and you could interact with people without having time to meet them! Computers definitely have good effects on people! First, computers help to improve hand-eye coordination. It is a fact that people who own one or more computers in a household have better hand-eye coordination than people without computers! Don’t you want good hand-eye coordination too? As a matter of fact, my friend @PERSON4 had the worst hand-eye coordination in our school, now that her parents have bought her a computer, she is a lot quicker and definitely has better hand-eye coordination. She said that just looking at the screen and she wanted to go helped a lot. Also, computer time can states that computers have been proven to improve hand-eye coordination in the course of a year. that sounds pretty simple to me! Next, computers also  allow people to learn about other faraway places and people. Local middle school teacher, @PERSON2, uses computers to teach her students about the @CAPS3 culture and geography. That sounds a lot more interesting than just talking! My cousins saw an article about @LOCATION3 once and they thought it was amazing they learned a lot about the culture there and actually took a trip there! Furthermore, vacations.com says that computers are the #@NUM1 cause of people traveling, because they see pictures and articles about places. You can learn about any place you want on a computer, doesn’t that sound nice? I’m sure there is one place you’ve always wanted to learn about! Finally, computer allow people to interact with other people around the world You can talk with your long lost friend who lives in @LOCATION2 just by the click to the mouse,(send). In a recent study, over @PERCENT1 of people just talk online to their friends rather than going out to meet them. How convenient! Also, expert computer teacher, @PERSON1, says, “Computers are geat inf you can't meet someone, you just talk online”. Have you ever needed to cancel a meeting? Computer are really beneficial to busy people. Now readers, @CAPS1, your sitting on that same couch you look at the @CAPS2 to see @LOCATION1, you quickly type it into your laptop and an article right in front of you read more about it learning something new in every paragraph. All of a sudden you lose your grip, but you catch your laptop just in time, what hand-eye coordination! Then you remember you were supposed to meet you sister @PERSON3, but you have a hair appointment. You quickly tell her via computer you cant meet her. She says it’s alright and you guys keep chatting it all worked out! It’s so simple! Computers teach hand-eye coordination, let you learn about more places, and interact with more people. So what are you doing readers? Get out there and get a computer."	5	4	9
463	"Dear @CAPS1, I believe that computers take away from our lives in a negative way. New advancements in technology in general take away from our lives negatively. It can contribute to obesity, turn you into a couch potato, and can take away from your social life. It's not that computers arent useful, it's that people are using them too frequently. As a country, @LOCATION1 has more obese people each decade. A good way to lessen the obese population, is to get them out of that comouter chair. @CAPS5 all you do is sit on a chair and play flash games and watch youtube videos all day, your sure to put on a few pounds, Those few pounds do accumulate. @CAPS6 fast food companies like @ORGANIZATION1 contribute to obesity, so do computers. When someone eats a big mac burger, should they go upstairs to play a flash game, or go work out at the gym? Trust me, you arent going to burn any calories by clicking a mouse. People who often use the computer, rarely see the true beuty of nature. They are too busy shooting animated rabbits to go see real rabits. Would you rather take a walkin the park, or stare at a computer screen for @DATE1 and a half hours? The world is a beutiful place, and the more you @CAPS2 @CAPS3, the less you realize it. Being on the computer can even effect your social life. The more you socialize to people you don'@CAPS4 know on the computer, the less you know how to communicate to real people I know that I would want a real girlfriend, not a virtual one. You @MONTH1 be too into a @CAPS4.V. show that your watching on the computer, to even spend time with loved ones. Your family is much more important than a silly computer game. In conclusion, I'd like to say that (in my opinion) computers should be used a little less. Who wouldn'@CAPS4 want to be a fit, nature love, popular kid @CAPS5 people would just spend a little less time on the computer, and a little more time in reality, You could be a kid like that. (@CAPS6 I'm sure the @CAPS1 is an adult.)"	5	5	10
464	"I have relized that there as been a disagreement about computers the positive and negative effects on people. It seems to me, in my opinion that computers have more of a negative affect on people than positive. I believe tat people are spending too much time on the computer and not exercizing, they don't spend quality time with family & friends and need to get fresh air and enjoy nature. Although computers are a great piece of techology, many don't get outside to enjoy the nature & fresh air because their computers are inside their homes. This is not good because when you go outside, it helps skin health from the sunlight & lets in fresh air for your lungs. In addition, a walk outside to enjoy nature wouldn't hurt either. It can relieve stress & can be relaxing. Furthermore, it is obvious when people are on the computer, they usually block out what their friends & family are saying to them. People can lose track of time & be on the computer for hours. Instead you should use this time to be with your friends and family. Being with your family can make your bond between each other stronger and you can get along with each other better. Also, having a nice family time is a good way to help be with your family. @NUM1 out of @NUM2 experts say that eating a family dinner can help a child's grades & prevent them from using drugs or dropout of high school or college. Finally, kids are more obese than us because they don't get enough excersize. At least @PERCENT1 or more kids are obese from recent studies. Due to this; this can lead to bone & joint issues, heart diseaase, lung problems, diabetes and athsma. These issues above are serious health problems if not treated. If kids excercize instead of being on a computer all day, the number of obese kids will drop drastically. Excersize can help kids' self esteem, and get them back in shape. They can either play sports or even take a walk or run. There are many different things you can do to excersize and its fun for kids. Unquestionably, there is definitely more reasons why there is a negative affect on kids/adults due to computers for the reasons above and more. Computers prevent people from enjoying nature to get fresh air. Likewise, they also prevent families & friends to spend time with each other and lastly, it isnt allowing kids to excersice which can lead to obesity."	5	5	10
465	"Dear Local Newspaper, Have you ever gone somewhere, taken pictures, and posted them on the computer? If you have you will remember where you visited. But atleast you went to @ORGANIZATION1, or @LOCATION1 or somewhere. There are some people who are on the computer all day. Instead of experiencing nature and taken on @CAPS1 life brings to them, they are on facebook or youtube all day. This disgusts me because there are many fun, beautiful, and entertainings things to do. In @CAPS2 opinion I think computers have negative effects on people. People miss out on enjoying nature or interacting with friends and family. Some people do not get exercise anymore and it hurts to see obese people just sit ther and do nothing about there lives. First I'd like to talk about obesity. Did you know that @PERCENT1 of children are obese at young a young age? Computers take the place of exercising for a young boy or girl. They should go outside and play sports like basketball or soccer. Another thing is those game websites. Children get so caught up in a computer game, everything around them just disappears. All they worry about is winning the game. While playing this game they might eating doritos. Sooner or later five pounds is gained. Then they will regret not exercising and not be able to move. Later in life, when things are bad for them, they will realized on how many fantastic things they missed. Then they will say ""@CAPS1 did I do with @CAPS2 life?"" @CAPS2 next point shows that people are not enjoying nature. Have you ever taken a nice walk in the park? I know I have. Well people sit inside all day just taking a peek out the window, but don't think about going outside. Nature is beautiful, smells nice, even refreshing at times. But no. People sit on there butt all day. On the computer accomplishing absolutely nothing. Why can't they go outsite for a walk or a jog? People can see animals like squirrels climbing up a tree. How cute. But instead they play a virtual game where you shoot squirrels with a paint ball gun. So much is missed because of computers. As much as not enjoying nature upsets me, some people blow off their own family just to watch a re-run of family guy on youtube. @CAPS1 have we come to? Some children hit their parents because the parents shut the computer off. I'd rather enjoy a meal with @CAPS2 family and then just sit down, relax, and talk. Also some people don't get sleep becuse they are ""doing something important"" and miss a family trip or even school. In conclusion I believe that computers are bad because of obesity, missing nature, and not enjoying company of family & friends."	5	5	10
466	"Dear @CAPS1 Society: Computers are perhaps one of the greatest improvements to our societies advancement in knowledge in the past few decades. These gems of future, are like a human being; they have their own mind and can figure out answers to all problems. People all around the world use them, from @LOCATION5 to @LOCATION4, to @LOCATION2 to @LOCATION1, they are being used. People from ages of school kids, to adults who have a job so highly appreciated as a chemist, use computers! Do you wish to be that one standing on the side lines, stuck in the past, not advancing with technology? From the creations of rockets, engines and planes; computers have never let us down. Still, the question is this: will computerized technology benefit our society or crash it down? Ever since the @DATE1, computers have been used as an ad for new information. The speed that they are able to recieve new information in is just astonishing! @CAPS2 @PERSON2, computer engenieer, says ""With the technology that we recieve from computers, we are able to be in the game."" @CAPS2 just comes to show one of the best benefits of computers: their ability to display the most current information. Now, I can see how books are an excellent resource in society, and how they provide for amazing information, however it takes years to publish books! With the use of a computer, information that occured sometimes as close to @NUM1 hours ago can appear on the internet! Not only will this allow you to get information faster, but it will allow our society to ""be in the game."" You catch a football as it soars through the air, you track a baseball or it flys high in the sky, you grasp the face of a basketball all because you have ""hand-eye"" coordination. Hand-eye coordination is perhaps one of the most neccessarry aspects of life that a person can have. Face it, everybody needs it! So why not help your body to get that talent: buy a computer. Imagine, our society would advance in it's sports and even just with life if they learn how to coordinate themselves. Did you know that @NUM2 out of @NUM3 people who owned a computer and typed daily were able to catch all three tennis-balls that were thrown at them! You could do that too! When typing on a computer, human development observers states, your eyes a free tracked on the screen and you train your hands to manuvor about the keys all by themselves. Just as in basketball, when you train your hand to track the bounce of the ball without you needing the need to catch it. I can remember when I started typing, my hands began to naturally find the keys without me having to look at them. And the next day at basketball practice I felt like @CAPS3 amazing point-guard @PERSON1, the ball just came straight to my hand! Get this need of life, invest in a computer! Money @MONTH1 be the most vital thing in our society right now. With profits as low as medium wage, our local area is not that ""rich."" I can see how it could be hard, having to purchase these computers at prices as high as @MONEY1 each. But then just think, each book that we won't have to purchase would save us @NUM4 each. Not only do computer's stand to last @NUM5 longer than any paperback, their information is always new, changing, and up-to-date. In order for us to be purchasing new books because of recent information would end up coasting as more in the long-run. Our neighboring society of @LOCATION3 just invested in over @NUM6 comptuers for their society. The stated that it took onlyt @NUM7 months to get the money back that they had purchased on the computer's with the amount that had not purchasing book! Now just imagine how much money our society would gain after @NUM8 year! It is necessary for our society to have computers. With them we not only learn hand-eye coordination but we invest in more money for the. And now with so many things happening in the world it is important to recieve information instantely from these computers. I can't stress enough that without them we just @MONTH1 be less in the rest. Dreams of incrediable rockets and medicines and cures far diseases just won't happen. Computers rise perhaps the only thing that actually benefits our society. You must understand how important this technology is to our society! But, int the long-run, the decision is yours is make. Choose quickly, the fate of our society is in your hands."	6	6	12
467	"Dear Local @CAPS1 Newspaper, @CAPS2 I see why some people think that computers and technology are bad for society, I on the other hand strongly disagree with them. In my eyes technology, especially computers can bring people together and computers are very benificial to @CAPS5. Also computers can save you time and money now. First off computers can bring people together. I had one of my best friends move across the country, all the way to @LOCATION1! and I don't get to see her so I now video chat with her on my laptop. and if I didn't have that opportunity then we probably wouldn't have stayed in touch with each other. That experience was not only with a friend but it happened with a family member as well, my grandmother. Every year for passover the whole family comes to house to celebrate but because she is getting older we video chat so she can see the whole family together. It is wonderful experience. As I said before computers can be benifical to @CAPS5. You might be thinking ""@CAPS3 it can only understand that but I am a student at @ORGANIZATION1 and sometimes I forget to write an assignment down so I get my laptop and go to @ORGANIZATION1 notes. com, if that was have gotten a zero on the homework. See! Computers are very benifical! Have you ever been in a situation where you need something but you just don't have time? Well now many things can be ordered offline. You can get things from food to cloths and toys. Surveys have proven that over @PERCENT1 of average @CAPS4 order off of the computer and save money from gas because they don't have to drive. Overall, I think computers can be handy and helpful to all ages, @CAPS5 with homeworks, family and friends and adults who don't have a lot of time. And I think as years go by more and more people will start to realize that."	4	4	8
468	"Suppose you have a family member that you have not seen in a long time and you dont have enough money to visit them because they live to far? Or you are injured or sick and you have nothing to do, so you decide to just browse the internet and you actually learn some interesting things like what new organism has scientist found out or something in history you've never known before? Amazingly, the computer is filled with knowledge like this. You could talk to family members you haven't seen before or just havent got the chance to see them in a long time. You could even know a lot of new interesting stuff about nature and history you would have never known about by just stepping outside. And just so you know more, I'll even tell you about these things. I have a half sister who I only get see like once a year or once two years. But the only way I get to interact with her is on facebook. There is also websites people use to talk to loved ones like twitter, myspace, yearbook, aim, skype ect. Not only do you just talk to them you could do a webcam chat, so you could also see them. Alot of people use webchat to talk with old friends. While on the computer you could also learn new things. Yesterday, when I was on the computer I got bored and did some random searching, and in that @NUM1 min. I learned things I never heard about, like the ""@CAPS1 massacre"" and that time when a teacher went into a spaceship for the first time and it blew up with the teacher in it. Man was that a tragedy! If you were interested in nature you could learn about all kinds of nature around the world. Also, if you are interested in ancient time with a few typing you got all kinds of fascinating things of ancient time like @PERSON1, the city that was forgetten, then found. I'm pretty sure you couldn't learn that kind of stuff stepping outside. The amazing things a computer could do! Talking with family and friends you haven't seen in which to be decades and learning fascinating things. Usually it's cool because you could learn things your teacher never new. Would you want the teacher teaching you or you teaching the teacher!"	4	4	8
469	"Dear Local Newspaper, I am writing to you to talk about the effect computers have on people. Since I have two computers and one laptop I have to agree that every person who likes to look up stuff should have a computer. Everyone should have computers, because you can look up different things, you can play games like checkers with the computer or against somebody else, and the last reason @CAPS1 that you can chat with people from different states and even countries, because I know everybody likes to talk to one another. Everyone should have computers, because you can search different things. You can search places and people. Basically, you can search anything on the internet @CAPS3 you are on the right website. One time I wanted to go on the web and look to see @CAPS3 there was a in @LOCATION1. I went to ask.com and typed in ""@CAPS1 there a in @LOCATION1, @LOCATION1? It said yes, and then it showed me a @CAPS2 of information about. It told me the address the phone number and the name of the manager. Looking up places in sometimes. Everyone should have a because you can play any types of game. You could play internet game checkers, solitaire and even freecall. @CAPS3 you don't any types of games you can always go on gaming just games up there. Since I use the computer everyday onto all. When I was six years old we a driving game. Since I did not the website all I got to play was checkers on the computers but one day logged onto it and played my first driving computer game. Everyone should have a computer, because you can chat with people. Instead of always using your phone calling and texting people raising your phone bill, why not use your computer and chat all you want without wasting minutes on your cell phone. I know everybody likes to talk and text on your cell phone. Instead of doing that just go on the internet find a chatcom and start chatting or bloging with your friends. One time I ran out of minutes on my phone and I didn't have internet. I asked my dad @CAPS3 I could use the computer. He said yeah, so I went to a local chatroom on the internet. My friend had an acount there so it would be easy for us to talk all we wanted. I joined in and we chatted until @TIME1. In conclusion I think everyone that likes to look up places, play games, and chat should have a computer."	4	5	9
470	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I think that computers have a positive effect on people. You can do lots of stuff with computers such as help people learn new things almost about everything. Also, there are some programs on the computer where they allow you to talk to other people. Also, for adults, they can take care of some finances and bills online and some taxes. I think computers definitely have a positive effect on people. A lot of people use their computers to learn new stuff about other things and people. Nine out of ten people go on the computer at least more than once a month to learn about something new. Also, kids in school use computers all the time for school work and to learn about new things. Kids in school use computers in school all the time for projects and experiments and they learn new stuff about people and things in the world. Computers definitely have a positive effect on people when they learn new things. Another great things about computers is that there are programs that allow you to talk to other people. Eight out of ten people talk to another person almost every day on the computer. This is a good thing because they’re able to talk to friends and family from a long distance and enjoy themselves. It is also a good thing because if family moves away you can still talk to them from a computer. Another positive effect computers have for you is that adults can pay bills and finances on the computer also. Seven out of ten adults pay bills online at their computer. This is a good thing because adults have to do it by hand, now they can just do it on the computer, which is definitely a positive effect on a person! I think computers definitely have a positive affect on people in many ways. They help people learn new stuff about things and. Also, they allow you to talk to friends and family over the internet. And finally, they allow you to do finances and pay the bills online instead of by hand. There are many ways still computers have a positive affect on people, I’ve only stated just a few of them. I hope you take my side about my opinion about computers and that they definitely have a positive affect on people."	4	4	8
471	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I am writing a letter to you today because I have herd a complaint that and more people are using computers and getting less exsercise. These experts that are concerned also say people need to enjoy nature, and interact with family and friends more. These experts @MONTH1 be smart but they are wrong. I am going to tell you how they are wrong. My first example is that people that go on the computer alot still exercise. Take twitter as a example. The football player ocho-cinco ""tweets"" all the time but that doesn't mean he doesn't get exercise. There are plenty of sports players that are on twitter and they are fit. Most of the kids in my grade including me have a facebook. Most of the kids are fit. Just because they are on the computer alot doesn't mean they can't exercise. My second example is the effect of the computer. Students use the computer for a lot of things. We use wikipedia for are projects and research a person. Some schools know a day almost depend on computers. I rember when I lived in country we never had to reely type anything unless it was a project. When I moved to @CAPS3 I am always typing something. Even a rough draft they want me to type. In couentry I would write out my final draft. I have to use the computer. Schools also are teaching us about the computer @CAPS4 as we learn more and more things on the computer we are on the computer more and more. When someone. Finds out a new website there going to tell there friends and there going to pass it on and @CAPS4 on. My third example is how the experts say that people are spending to much time on the computer and less time interacting with family and friends. My grandpa, aunt, other family members have a facebook account. That means I can still interact with family and friends. The people that are the computer alot that are adults probably don't have family over every night and probably go out with friends evey once in a while. Computers also benefit Society for buisness people they might have to a powerpoint and they have a computer. When experts say we need to enjoy nature, interact with family and friends, and do more excising they might be right but we can do all these things but we can also still go on the computers. If you take a survey in @CAPS3 to see how many people are on the computer almost everyday and then you ask them how many of them exercise you would see that you can do both."	4	4	8
472	"ARE YOU @CAPS1!! Computers are great, they're great because of these @NUM1 reasons. Kids can do homework on computers, also you could video chat with friends and family finally because you could look up just about anything you want on the computer. Computers are great because kids can do there homework on the computer, thats good because if they forgot there book in school or something like that then they could just get the answers of the computer. Its also good for business men because they count on computers for all there files. Computer are also great because you can video chat with friends and family. Video chatins is awesome because if a friend or relative goes out of town they could just brings there labtop of webcam and then you can talk to them whenever. Video chatins is also good for company's if there buyer is in a different country they could just video chat all the information.Finally, computers are great because they are so resourceful. There are hundreds of websites where all you have to do is type in what you want to know and there will be thousands of links for you to search and get your answer. They ere also resourceful for pictures or maybe even powerpoint presentation! In conclusion, computers are great because, kids can get there homework done, also its good for video chat finally because the internet is very resourceful."	4	4	8
473	"Dear Newspaper, People should play with their family and friends instead of staying on the computer all the time. People would be more fit, have closer bonds with their family, and get better grades in school. People will alway get fit faster if they excersise instead of staying on the computer. When the computer is unpluged, anyone has a chance to go out side and play. When people go outside to play with their friends, they excersise which causes you to lose weight. @NUM1 scientist believe that it is better to go outside and socialize than to sit on a computer and watch monontenious videos. People would be more active if they stay of the computer and went outside because it will keep you happy with your body, and healthy so you don't die of a terrible diseases. Their would be closer bonds with families if people stayed of the computer. Family would be closer together instead of spreading apart by computers. Your family is always their to comfort you when ever you have a terrible day. Your family will help you get over any problem so that you can keep moving forward. If you did this by computer, all you see is a persons face who can't comfort you with a hug. Without computers, you get a closer family that loves and supports each other, but with computers, people just drive their families away. Closer families also help children in school get better grades. Families who stay of the computer and have dinner with their families typically have children that get better grades. @NUM2 scientist agree that kids who have dinner and play with their families get better grades in school. If kids get better grades in school from staying of the computer and spending quality time with their family, we could get great inventions that can help mankind in every single way. All of can happen from staying off of computers. Staying off computer is a great way to help yourself and other people to. It would get people fit, create closer bonds, and create more gradutes who go on and achieve the greatest of all inventions. Imagine what else could happen by staying of computers."	5	4	9
474	"Dear @CAPS1: Some people believe computers benefit society. However, others feel they are too consuming. I for me I belive computers help society. Computers teach hand-eye cordination, give people, and even allows computer to chat online with other people. I'd bet your job requires you to use a computer, you probably even have a personal computer which you like to use to chat with friends. I do that all the time and I like it. Another thing I like are sports. One of my favorite sports is softball. In softball you need to have hand-eye cordination, this will help you swing at the ball more accuratly. When a pitcher throws the ball you have to had the bat at the right angle and watch the ball to know when to swing if kids used computers and become good at hand-eye cordination, then possibly more kids would join a local sports team, and possibly even join travel team. Do you like to travel? I do, and are why I learn about places before I go is by looking that particular place up on the internet. About three years ago I went on vacation to @LOCATION1. I wanted to know what it was like there because I had never gone before, so when I looked it up I found out that they had many torist attractions and ""packages"" that let you swim with dolphins, I was very excited to go and when I did, I had a biast, and to think if I didn't look it up I would not have known what kinds of fun things they had! No wonder so many people like computers! One of the biggest reasons why I like computers is because I can chat with my friends online one main attraction online is @CAPS2, everybody, primarily, has one. Some people have one because they like to look at pictures. I have one because I like to chat with my friends. One night I was chatting with a friend we were laughing having a great time, and then she reminded me that we had science homework due the very next day! I thanked her and then completed my work. You see if kids chat online their friends can remind them of important nescesitys such of homework. This could impove grades by @PERCENT1! So you now see why society needs computers and if you have forgotten let me remind you: computers teach you hand-eye cordiantion, let's you learn about faraway places and people, and now allows you to chat online. Just think what would society be like with no computers."	5	4	9
475	Computer are good and bad because computers are good because that is a way we can comunicate with other people in different states. Another reason computers are good because they can keep you out of trouble and can keep you entertained. Computers are bad because they can become a computer. Freak and become highper when it comes to computers. Computers are good because it can do alot of things that other objects cannot do.	2	2	4
476	"Dear Readers, I understand that some @MONTH1 think computers can effect peoples' lives. This is because it causes them to not go outside excersising and enjoying nature. My point of view is that people have the choice to go out side, exercise, and enjoy nature. Computers give so much information that it could give people ideas of fifferent activities people can do outdoors. Computers also have abilities to download videos and other soft ware that people can look at and perform excersing with them, and learn techniques. In my life my mom and dad, and many other people im my family, look online at different websites to see what activities we can do on the weekends and seasonal activities. Computers are very important and are life changing. If it wasn't for computers some people wouldn't be able to get an education. Doctors, police officers, and banks use computers for thier job and it helps us go through are everyday lives with ease. From what i see and understand i that computers have a positive effect on our lives. Computers can be negative but it all has to do with self control and how you use it."	4	4	8
477	"Computers are used everywhere, for thousands of different things. Many of @LOCATION1 spend hours glued to our computer screen everyday. Being very reliant on your computer is not always good for you. @DATE1 too many people spend countless hours on their computers, rather than doing other activities. Therefore, computers are not the best way to spend your time because you get less excersize, your school grades can lower, and your communication skills will weaken. First, when spending days on your keyboard you will have less time to run or play with your friends. In the @LOCATION1 @DATE1, many more people are becoming obese, creating unhealthy genes to be passed on. Perhaps a reason for this is that too many people can just sit on their laptops to shop, see movies, and even to get a college education. Less and less people go for walks because they would rather be on @CAPS1 or @ORGANIZATION1. Without the constant use of computers there would be more free time for people to get outside, or play sports. Secondly, many kids and teens are attached to their laptop, and bring it everywhere with them. So, rather than studying for their tests, they could be on @CAPS1 or @ORGANIZATION1. Must chose to go on @CAPS1 or @ORGANIZATION1 rather than opening their books. Plus, spending so many hours on a computer. less time to do their homework, so they just begin to not do any of it. Computers take away their time that could be used towards getting a college education, why waste them? Lastly, why talk on the phone or in person when you can just send them an e-mail or chat online with them? Many people @DATE1 are staying inside on their laptops to talk to a person rather than doing it face to face. This can cause a lack of communication skills, something that might sound good online, could sound absolutely terrible in the ""real"" world. This loss of skill, could lead to a generation of more cyber talk rather than @CAPS3. In conclusion, why spend so many hours on the computer when you could be outside, or hanging out with friends? Personally I'd prefer to go and do something rather than being stuck inside on a computer."	4	4	8
478	"Dear @CAPS1 paper, @CAPS2 name is @PERSON1 and I am writing this letter on the count of the computer issue. @CAPS2 look on this subject is the oppisite. People @MONTH1 spend more time on the computer then exercising, but theycould still be social in chat rooms. People can use laptops out doors. You can spread your imagination with the games you can play. Lets get onto @CAPS2 first point, being social. The experts say that people are spending less time with there friends and family then on the computer. They @MONTH1 be spending less time with there friend and family physicly, but who said there not being social. Theres facebook, @CAPS3, and chat rooms. You can talk to your friend on there so they on being social. Not being physicly social but verbily social. On to @CAPS2 next subject the expert say were not enjoying out doors, but the over looked something here it is. If were not enjoying outdoors then half of amarica would be as plae as can be. Then theres laptops. You can use thoughs out doors. People that have laptops can go outside on a sunny day grab some fruit and relax. You could stay out there till the batterie deis. Then just grab the pluge and keep relaxing its easy. Computers also help your imagination. Some computer games help expand your imagination because when your playing games you think of things that could make the game better. Simulaters help you design or even controll things. Some games allow you design and play as a character you created. They help you jobs that you might be intrested in. For me computer games expanded @CAPS2 drawing. All these thing can be reversed. No one is a robot that repeats what they do over and over again. Humanity has the power to get off the computer, and go outside or be social. As I just proved everything you can physicly you can do on the computer."	4	4	8
479	"@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1, click, clack that the sound @ORGANIZATION2 computer keys being hit right now. Computers are everywhere these days, even in the poorest places like @LOCATION3. In @LOCATION2. Dreadful, humble, time conservative computers are taking away the meaning and enjoyments @ORGANIZATION2 life that are offered to us. Computers are our sourse @CAPS5 infromation, and time @CAPS5 liesure these days, but we are fogetting that there is a life away from them as well such as having family time, and taking walks in the beautiful, nature. To much use @ORGANIZATION2 a computer is leading to aweful health. Computers can cause many fatal problems such as seeing and vision problems, and obisity, due to the fact that you sit all day and @CAPS2't work out. Computers are like mind, and body eaters the slowly take away from you and let you cry, and weap @CAPS5 the rest @ORGANIZATION2 your life, @CAPS2't you agree? Do you know the @ORGANIZATION2 says that the second biggest leading cause @ORGANIZATION2 obisity is computer? Yes that is true! I have experinced problem. While growing up. When I was @NUM1 I was adictied to the computer. Day and night my eyes were guled to the computer screen. I had nothing on my mind except @CAPS5 computer, my mom got mad at me and yelled at me to get away from it, but I didn't. Slowly, slowly I started to put on heavy, awful faton myself, and later I found out I was over weight @CAPS5 my age. To this day I have not lost the weight I put on from using the computer, and I am sure others are to. Obesity just doesn't happen from eating to much. It also happens from not doing any cardio activities, which the computer stps us from doing. So basically the computer is unhealth. As said by @PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION2 people from the state @ORGANIZATION2 @LOCATION1. Time consuming computers, are taking away family time from many family these days. Do you know that @PERCENT2 @ORGANIZATION2 families aren't getting to spend the time with each other as the wish, reason being computers? Kids are on the computer playing games, moms finding a resipe online to make @CAPS5 dinner, and dad is buying another stock online. Yes that happens a lot, insded @ORGANIZATION2 doing those things they could be doing something else, but no computer work is more important. My family used to spend a lot @ORGANIZATION2 time together, but because @ORGANIZATION2 the computer I never get to do anything with my family now. Do you know the time health @ORGANIZATION2 @ORGANIZATION2 say kids who spend time with their family are bound to become more better parents than who @CAPS2't spend time with family. I bet you are a really good family man/women and spend time with please take these computers away and make families come together once again. @LOCATION1 has the most beautiful nature ever, the birds, the animals, the @DATE1 times and the fall time. If anyone ever wants to see nature they should come to @LOCATION1, but the sad thing is that the people @ORGANIZATION2 @LOCATION1 aren't appriating nature themselves because they are do busy with things such as computers. I know one time we went to a comp out, and we were ready @CAPS5 nature and this boy brings his computer, and wouldn't you know it the whole got people forgot about nature and played with the boys computer. So many people missed out on the nature and the beautiful animals seen one the such as yellow @CAPS3 through that time was amazing and it is very unfortunet that many people missed out on that event. People these days are once again not apricating nature, which one day they will regret, because @ORGANIZATION2 the fact the one day you @MONTH1 not be around to enjoy this got given @CAPS2't let the computer tell you what to do lets be the boss and @CAPS5 ourself. It is now or never the decision is in your hand, make the right decision and say no to computers. Go out their enjoy nature, spend time with you family, and get healthy. Be the smart, and well educated people. (I know you are) and tell the world to not getting told by the computer @ORGANIZATION2 what you can, and cant do, be the boss control. Yes computers are fun, giving, but is bad. Say no to computers if you @CAPS2't you will regret it."	5	6	11
480	"Dear Local Newspaper On the subject of computers; Their pros and cons, I would have to say that both sides provide veru important reasons why you should and shouldn't use computers, I think that computers are very important to many students just like me. First of all computers help me and my fellow classmates with many asisgnmenrs. Some of us simply don't have the time to go to a library and look for a book that might nit even posses the information needed. On the internet you can find the same amount of valuable information or more! It also helps to develop your hand-eye coordination some peopel say ""you can learn hand-eye coordiantion outside too? Although that is true, typing is very fats and neat. As you can see my hand wriitng is not the best but I type very fast and make little mistakes so I do not need the neatest hand writing ever.The way I see it computers are the fastert way of doing alot of things. So if you spend time writign neatly you might nit even be able to go outside and see nature. my dad is a environmentalist and he uses computers. Sometime the easy way isn;'t always the best way thats why we must have balance. Do not infrom people to stop using computers but to balance thier time with them. Everything is good if it's balanced. for example, coffiene, In large amounts it is rather unhealthy but when you need a small you turn to caffiene and it helpd, same with computers. Besides, computers are now made everwhere, trying to get rid of them is simply unreasonable. We are already in a recession we dont need more trouble. I prefer to talk with my friends eye to eye however if you cannot do that a computer is a perfect alternative. So you see comuters are evry helpful to some balance is the answer!"	3	4	7
481	"I believe that computers have a strong negative effect on society but a stronger positive one. Computers these days are very advanced and allow you to talk to your friends, allow you to acess information more efficiently, and have increased our man power in scientific research. Almost every teen has a screen name that allows you to chat online with your friends. This function keeps kids in touch and active. Eventhough instant messaging can distract kids from their daily life it can also be amazingly helpful. Just last week a friend of mine had forgotten to write down their homework and easly contacted online. I was able to let them know @NUM1 a matter of seconds. Like wise, with this online communication you can also talk and and video chat as if you right there with your friends not everyday do you get to go hang out with your friends so this is an easy alternative. Not only is quick and easy it's free. Computers keep kids off their phones and from jucking up the bill and causing those loud annoying phone bill conversations how to limit your texting. The most important effect computers have on society is the gathering of information. The internet allows people to acess millions of websites and light speed. Every second of the day their is someone on the internet searching for date that they would have to go to the library to get. Computers are a key part in society and we depend on them without them we would all be lost. They provide an easier way to life that us lazy @CAPS1 need to survive. The internet keeps us updated and informed on whats going on all around the world without even going there. We need the internet and we couldn't acess it without computers. One of the largest aspects of life computers have helped us with is research. Computers have multiplied our man power giving us more organized way to store date. Recently I was watching a show where they had a computer testing items for @CAPS2 a process that would take a human weeks. They also help us be different and more creative people. With the computer came smaller more compact computers till they were able to fit in the palm of our hand. They have lead us to think we can do greater things in life and keep our earth safe and to stop damaging it as much. They're lead us to research the unknown areas of the world where @NUM2 years ago a scientist with a pad of paper didn't have dare to even think about. Computers have linked the world through communication and information and have exelled us to greater heights in understanding how we came to be. Overall society needs computers and they have and overwhelming positive affect on society."	5	5	10
482	"Dear readers, People around the world are starting to use computers now more, often, but theirs also people that dont agree that it benefits society, @CAPS1 not one of those people. I agree that this benefits society. One reason why I agree is because sometimes theirs teens and even adults that can chat online with their friends if they cant contact them in any other way. Another reason is because in all school teacher give their students project to do over vacation or weekends, for the projects they can look for information in the computer. The last reason is because computers can give ability to learn more about things they didnt know before. In my opinion I agree with computers benefiting society. Teens, kids and even adults would like to talk with their friends so they can get on the computer and chat with them if theirs no other way to contact them, @CAPS2 easy. You only have to @NUM1) get in the computer, @NUM2) get into a site were you know your friend might be @NUM3) log in or register in if you never been into that site @NUM4) last but not least look @NUM4 your friend to chat will teachers always give their students work for example like projects. Kids also do projects on weekends or vacation and so you dont have to go to a library to check out a book you could always get on the computer and look for the information you need their. Computers give you abilitys to learn information you didnt know before for example if your bored and you dont got nothing to do get in the computer and look up information about things like nature, books your looking for etc. I agree with computers benefiting society but not everyone, @NUM3 reason why I agree is kids can chat online with their friends, look up information for projects and find information they never knew about, what do you think @CAPS1 I right or wrong."	4	3	7
483	"Dear Local Newspaper, In my opinion they take time away from exercising. Also, no one has time to enjoy nature. Of course, when it comes to family and friends, The time is stified by the computer. If more people get of @CAPS1 and @CAPS2, I'm positive all would be resolved. I'm sure that the computer is affecting everyone negatively. Obesity is a huge problem in @LOCATION1. One in five children are obese. I feel the computers is contributing to the problem. I remember times when I wanted to go outside and exercise, but the computer dragged me away wih all the fun games and videos the internet sure, the computers fine in moderation, but many people abuse their privellages. Obesity leads to many such as dogged arteries or strokes. No parents wants to see their go through young. But if from of to fix it? taking away for many. Everybody these dayrace people have so much effort making. I's sure I would have had across time if went people have probably done. Good times. Family to take time from away from us. In conclusion, I feel the computer is an addiction. Millions who on the computer gain weight. Also, it takes time enjoy nature but the computer blocking the way. Another thing the comuter puts family and friends on hold. Memories are being stolen by the awful device that computer. So else how bad the computer is."	3	3	6
484	"Dear Local Newspaper, Computers! Computers have a great effect on people. The advances in technology with computers benefits the society. Computers give people a place to chat with others, learn on school websites, and it teaches people hand-eye coordination. Computers are changing the world throughout everywhere. Computers give people a place to interact with others. There are thousands of websites that have chat places and are online chat rooms. That gives you a place to talk to others and even see what might be going on throughout the world. Also, chat rooms on the computer can help friends always keep in touch. Studies show that ninety percent of @CAPS1 that have a chat room to go to with friends often have more friends than none. Obviously, the interactions with others on the computer have a great effect on people. School websites also give people benefits in our society. It gives us the ability to learn more about what we are learning in school and maybe the ability to learn new things too. When almost every school in the @LOCATION1 has a school website, that helps students who are having trouble in school I know that from my experiences that having a computer helps me in school whenever I forgot what my homework was or I need to study in a quiz or test, I can always go on my computer and find what I need for school. When the computer know that it benefits our society. Computers teach hand-eye coordination too. When you use the computer for games or anything you do it teaches you how to move the mouse quickly and keep your eyes to used on the screen. Whenever I have the ability to use the computer, I always do. That's because with all the and websites it will teach us hand-eye coordination with I'm just having fun. Ninety-five percent of people who use the computer enjoy to use it. That's ninety-five percent of people who are learning more hand-eye coordination. If that doesn't benefit the society, than nothing does. As I have shown, computers deffinitly do benefit society. I strongly believe that computers have a positive effect on people. That is because it gives people a place to interact with others, to learn things on school websites, and they teach hand-eye coordination. In conclusion, computers have a strong effect on people today."	4	5	9
485	"Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1 the years, the streets have become less crowded with people interacting exercising, and enjoying nature. Is this good or bad? Technology has advanced so far that it might be better to stay home and on the computer than taking a walk in the park. Computers do have a positive effect on people because they have advertisements that encourage exercise, advertisements that encourage travel and enjoying nature, and computers allow people to interact from anywhere in the world. Firstly, computers are full of great advertisements. Some advertisements talk about joining a gym and exercising. Studys show that <@PERCENT1@NUM1> of kids without computers do not get enough exercise, whereas only @PERCENT1 of kids with computers do not get enough exercise. These statistics show that computers are better for people's health than they are thought to be. Next, computers have even more advertisements that encourage people to travel around the world. By doing this, people's intellegence will increase because they will learn new facts about new places. Also, people will be happier because they enjoy travel. Lastly, people's jobs will benefit it they're business depends on the advertisements they post on the internet. Finally, the technology used in computers today allows people to talk to friends from nearly anywhere in the world on a computer. Social sites such as facebook alow people to see pictures from where their friends have traveled. Webcams allow people to talk face to face up close about the new gym they joined. <@PERCENT1@NUM2> of people say they have a better social life online then out in the open when their friends might not be there to talk. I conclusion, computers have a positive effect on people because they have advertisements that encourage people to exercise, encourage travel, and computers allow people to talk from anywhere in the world. Technology is there to make the world a happier , healthier, and more social place. That is why computers have a very positive effect on people around the world."	4	4	8
486	Dear @CAPS1 In my opinion the computer is the better thing because you can do alot of stuff like play games. My three reason why you should have a computer is you can talk online with your friend or do homework or project and fine out @LOCATION1 things out. Therefore I think if you like doing that then the computer is what you need. My first reason is talking online. People talk online so they can talk to there friend @PERSON1. If you talk oline you can figure out what was homework or whens the meeting or the time the party starts. You can also talk online with your friends or family the moved or lives far away around @LOCATION2. My second reason is doing homework. Sometimes you need the computer to do your homework. You need the computer so you can print picture for your report. You wil also need to type yout report on your vaction. The computer also help you fine the history or @CAPS2 book online so you can do your homework or project. My third reason is finding out @LOCATION1 things. You fine out how old is @CAPS3 @CAPS4 or how tall is @ORGANIZATION1. You can also figure out how to spell a big word. You can fine out many hallway can take you to @LOCATION1 or @CAPS5 beach or other places. Fine out where the wall of @LOCATION3 is. In coulsion if you like to learn @LOCATION1 thing or talk online and do other stuff then you should get a computer.	4	4	8
487	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, In many ways computers have been very useful to the human rare. They can been used to look up information, talk to family and friends music etc. Don't you think people are wasting more time on the computer instead of getting exercise. It's clear that computers can do just about anything want than to do. But why spend your time on the computer when you can spend time with your family. Playing sports, or getting some fresh air. I think computers have a positive effect on people and negative effect one of the positive effects is being able to talk to your friends. i know sometimes we are not able to see them as much in school. In my opinion I think it is a great way so you can catch up on funny times that you can and friends shared. Now here comes the negative effect. Mang kids get bulled and picked by other kids over the internet. This can cause other kids to have a low self esteem, and cause dangerous events in the future. When it comes to computer they have saved many people life. Some of these ways are finding cures to harmful deases. Computers have information when serious weather storms are coming and prepare us for the weather. Wouldn't you agree that computers have played a huge role in our lifes. Sometimes we she take a break from them and enjoy nature. So have fun with technology and don't forget to stay active too."	3	3	6
488	"Dear NewsPaper @CAPS1, Have you ever taken into consideration how much an effect technology has on our society? Well, for numerous people, computers are their lives. They help adults stay in contact with their friends. Also, it gives users usefull information about anything you can think of. Computers are a great tool to help us with our lives, they help us learn skills for later in life. People who use computers do not spend too much time on them, we need them to live a good life. For example, the internet has many websites that keep people in touch. There are countless sites and to name a few, @CAPS2, @CAPS3, @ORGANIZATION1, the list goes on and on. Many adults begin to realize that childhood friends seem to fade away as time goes on. With computers, you can chat with each other all night. In @CAPS4, it is also a convienient way to contact friends if they live in different places around the @LOCATION1. Moreover, computers are chock full of information. If a family wanted to take a vacation, they could use the computer to find a place they would enjoy and book a flight there. Also, if a student needed to do a report and was not able to go to the library, he/she would be able to use the computer to get the info for the report. Lastly if someone had an ailment and didn't know it was serious enough for a visit to the doctors office, they could look it up on the internet. they also have many sites for that sole purpose such as @ORGANIZATION2. Lastly, computer users learn valuable skills that these who don't will never have. Just knowing how to work one is an important skill but there are many features computers have that will help when a job or in college. For instance, making a power point for jobs or just slideshows of a party in your back yard. In @CAPS4 , typing is a valuable skill that most jobs nowadays require. And using the computer fine tunes hand-eye coordination. Although some @MONTH1 say that staring at a screen all day isn't healthy, @CAPS5 of @CAPS6.S.A citizens say using the computer is healthy for their social lives and we should use it in moderation. Computers are amazing tools if used properly and in moderation. The time has come to tell the people computers are usefull to society. They help social lives, teach us skills and, give us information on countless topics. People need them to have an enjoyable life. So, write an article regarding the need for the use of computers @DATE1 and notify the people they are making the right decision by using them. "	5	5	10
489	"Dear @CAPS1 times, I am writing in regards to the article recently writen in your newspaper on computors. I believe that they are a vital part of the world today because; you can find information for protect or article in far less time then searching through books, you can get important news updates and entertainment is only a click away. My first reason was at the information on the internet. Say you were writing a paper on acient egyptians, and you need to know how to spell hiroglipics in a dictionary that would take a few minutes, online it would take about @NUM1 seconds. Or if you wanted to know when @ORGANIZATION1 died. It would take hours scouring textbooks untill you finally found it. on time it might take your just over a minute. The second reason I like computors is for news updates. You can figure out what happened in recent natural disasters, or how your stock is doing. Also computers helped us in the recent election, and will continue do so for a long time. The weather can always be found on time web for any in the world. This is a bad thing if you're planning a trip somewhere, wich you can also do with a computor. My third and final reason is that its hard to get bored on a computor. Every where on the web are cool gamesor funny videos. On the web there are about @NUM2 gaming sites and @NUM3 sites with funny/weird/cool videos and pictures. Many other places like facebook let you share picures with your friends, family, and relatives. Or you can chat with complete strangers from around the world. So next time you need information, news, or you are just bored go on your computor, and have fun."	4	4	8
490	"@CAPS1. The computer is a wonderful thing! However the effects it has on people can be bad. Think of it this way, it has magnetic forces that pull people to it and keep them @CAPS3 for hours. These magnetic forces keep people from exercising, stops them from spending time with family and friends and most importantly if they aren't being careful they can get into some cyber danger. I spoke with the @CAPS2 of @PERSON2 and he said "@CAPS3 are so many people on their computers, people aren't getting enough exercise!" @CAPS4 people dont get enough exercise their bodies expand and become obese. This happens a lot to average people. The @CAPS2 and I thought up some great ideas while I was @CAPS3 and we think for one week in @DATE1 we are going to live without any electricity! Computers are very use-full, they help spread important information around fast and make it easy to talk to friends and family. Even though you are talking to them you are not learning any new social skills. Typing on the computer is a lot different from talking in person. Usually you would type "u" instead of "you" or "r" instead of "are". Talking over the computer is great!" says @PERSON1, "But actually seeing my family and talking talking to them is way better." @CAPS6, @CAPS7, @CAPS8, and way more sights websites can put you in cyber danger! Cyber danger is @CAPS4 you get in trouble on the computer. This can happen @CAPS4 you put up bad pictures of yourself or other people, @CAPS4 you talk to someone you have never met before, or you say something really mean to that girl you don't like. Those situations can all put you in a really tough place. Even if you have a webpage and you put it on private @CAPS3 is always a way to get in. @CAPS3 is also something called cyber bullying. Cyber bullying is @CAPS4 you get bullyed or are bullying another person over the computer. Don't think that no one will know @CAPS3 are ways to track down coversations between people. I really hope you all take this into account @CAPS4 you think about sitting at your computer! Go outside, spend time with your family and friends, and be careful from cyber danger! "@NUM1" bye!"	4	4	8
491	"Dear @CAPS1 @ORGANIZATION2, I believe that computers have a positive affect on people who use them. Because they teach hand eye coordination, give us the ability to learn about far away people and places and allow us to chat online with people. @CAPS3 first reason of why I think computers have a positive affect on people is that they teach hand eye coordination. For example, we need to use our hand-eye coordination skills when we type to @CAPS2 the letters. This helps us increase our Hand eye coordination because it helps us think about what letters we are typing, @CAPS2 the letters on the keyboard, and push them. Also when we type long passages it increase our hand eye coordination becaue we get used to wrighting the long paragraphs and we become more familiar with where the letters are on the keyboard and our speed increases,which means we can get more work done in a shorter time. Believe it or not @PERSON1 free of the @ORGANIZATION1 hospital took a survey that showed @NUM1 people who type essays instead of wrighting them by hand, have a greater hand eye coordination skill. Computers also allow us to learn about far away people and places. For example computers make it easier to reaserch far away people and places. Useing a computer can help us understand and learn about people and places withought a trip to the library. Also computers allow us to @CAPS2 us to @CAPS2 more info about recent events that have just around the world. Also computers make it faster to reserch topics because looking for a book in those big libraries can be stressfull, not to mention dificult. Also informat on a computer can never be checked out or not availible like library books. Lastly you have information right at our fingerries so you will never have to leave youre house, @CAPS3 last reason is that computers allwo us to chat online with other people. This can help us because it allows us to talk to friends and family from around the world. Also it helps us talk to our parents if theyre away or if you're on a camping trip. Chating on a computer is a great way to make friends with people you dont know and block people you dont want talking to you. So in a sence you can be in controll of your friendships and who youre friends with. Computers are the greatist advance in technology sence the wheel and they have helped so many people."	4	4	8
492	"Dear @CAPS1, I am writing to express my opinion on computers benefit to society. I believe that computers are very useful tools for learning and communication, but people today over use that power. You know what I mean @NUM1 gamers, @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 addicts. Or those who will do anything just to spend time on the computer. People like the @CAPS4 do not spend much time with family members, or friends, or even just outside. They do not get enough exercise, and frankly, abusing computers is not good for your life, physically or socially. Some people are working all day, leaving early in the morning and getting back late, so that they rarely spend time with those they love. But if you are hooked on the computer, as so many of us are, you @MONTH1 just not spend enough time with family and friends. Using a computer isn't exactly a social thing. One person with a mouse, a keyboard, and a monitor. You @MONTH1 say ""@CAPS5, but there are also online social networks."" @CAPS5, but how often do you even see those people in real life? Computers can take precious time away from you that you could be sharing with your family and friends. That certainly does not benefit society. A major fault in computers is that you have to be indoors. So you cannot be online chatting, or playing a game, or checking your email, outside while enjoying the beauty of the outdoors. Sure you could use a laptop outside but are you really enjoying the outdoors? Computers and outdoors go together like chocolate milk and fillet mignon - not well. That is the reason why pine tree's don't have outlets (although now you never know what they'll do next). Another side effect - that goes allong with the aforementioned statement about computers and outdoors - of computers is the lack of exercise. Once again, it is rather difficult to use a computer and jump rope at the same time. When you live as a computer vegetable, your not getting enough exercise as you could or would be. Another reason computers could lower your quality of life. Now, really, if you use the computer sparingly, and only when you needed to, or when it is nessecary you would really have none at these ""side effects."" But face it, the ruth is, computers can be addicting. Wether it's waiting for a friend to come online or your trying to get to level @NUM2 of ""@CAPS7 @CAPS8"", they can get you hooked. The idea of this article is not to prevent you from using computers, but to make sure you use them like you eat double fudge brownies with walnuts and cream cheese frosting-springly. So, now you know, computers when used to much, at obsesive amounts, are similar to drugs in the way that they are so addicting. As long as you use them correctly, they are a very, very valuable tool to be used, but over used, can be problem causing, and even prevent you from spending time with family and friends, getting exercise and even spending time outdoors. I know you certainly will agree."	5	6	11
493	"Although some people believe that computers turn us children into zombies, I believe that they effect us in a posotive way. Computers can help us explore far away places that we @MONTH1 never go to. Maybe help us connect with an old friend or just a little help on homeworks. One reason why I think computers are only helping us is they help us explore othe places. I know for a fact that every kid dreams of a place that they would love to visit. But not at all of us can afford to travel far away. Most families however, do have computers. With these computers, kids with a parents permission, can use the internet to learn tons of cool facts about their place. ""I have always wanted to go to @LOCATION1 but my parents just don't have the proper incomg"" said @PERSON1 of @CAPS1-@CAPS2 @CAPS3 school @CAPS4 I used my @CAPS6 and the internet to discover. HUNDREDS of amazing facts on it."" @CAPS4 as you can see computers can help people realize their dreams. Another reason why I think computers are good is they help you connect with friends. If you are like me, you like to talk to your friends. A @CAPS5! But sometimes they are too far away to call if you don't want to pay for it. A solution a new wonderful machine called. The @CAPS6! You can chat long distances without being for it. This is especially good for me because not too long ago, one of my best friends moved away to @LOCATION2. I thoughy I would never talk to him again. Then I learned about @CAPS7 @CAPS8. It allows you to talk whenever you want, whenever you want! Now, me and my friend can stay in touch and @CAPS4 can you! My finale reason as to why I think computers are good is they can help you on homework too. Even have a tricky math problem you couldn't figure out? How about the capital of a state that visit, slipped your mined? Well the @CAPS6 can solve both of those problems and more! @PERCENT1 of computers these days come with soft wear in them that comes with a calculator. For the other @PERCENT1 you can download and install softwear onto your @CAPS6 for a low price. And every @CAPS6 made in this world has internet capabilities. All's you need to do is it on and get ready for a ride! @CAPS4 don'y worry about too much @CAPS6 use, because computers can only help us not hurt us. @CAPS4 remember, computers help us live our dreams to the full extent. they also help us connect with no another, and help us excel in school. @CAPS4 get on, and get goin. Have you used your @CAPS6 today?"	5	5	10
494	"Dear @ORGANIZATION3, @CAPS1 has come to @CAPS2 attention that certain members of our society believe that computers are not beneficial. This position comes from lack judgement and a closed mind. Computers are lifelines to buisness workers who use them to complete all of their work, these tools also enable news of disaster or weather to spread efficiently and effectively. These technological devices also create and sustain communication between family members and friends. In todays society computers are vital and getting rid of them would be like stopping oxygen from making its way to the body, being accompanied by multiple severe consequences. First and foremost, about @PERCENT1 of all modern companies require their employees to work on computers. These works of art aren't just handy-dandy toys , rather @CAPS5 essential to the working class @CAPS5 a # @NUM1 pencil to a student taking a cut. @PERSON3, an owner of a small buisness, agrees. ""@CAPS2 company designs software and uses computers @NUM2. Many of @CAPS2 employees work from home and have to own computers."" The growth of computers is not something to be frowned upon, rather an achievement in technology enhancing the lives of others. By ripping our computers from lives of workers chaos would be created with many unappealing consequences. Adults aren't the only ones whose jobs consists of computers. Nowadays students' homework is mostly online, computers decrease the amout of time needed to write an essay and are glare to students of all ages, @PERSON4, an eighth grades at @ORGANIZATION1, is an example of this dilema. Every night she has at least three hours of homework and usually one hour be @CAPS1 requires a computer, however, this isn't a problem because @CAPS1 cuts back the time @CAPS1 takes for @PERSON4 to do her homework. She can quickly type up an @CAPS3 essay or research a science topic instead of doing @CAPS1 painstakingly slow using an old fashion method. Moreover, computers are doors into the real world, especially for residents of @LOCATION1. Whether some people like to believe @CAPS1 or not, @LOCATION1 is a bit of a sicludded area where people aren't aware of what is going on outside of their closed off town. Computers cause news to spread like electricity and open @LOCATION1 residents eyes to national and global problems @PERSON2, another student at @ORGANIZATION5, states, "" @CAPS4 the earthquake took place in @LOCATION3 @CAPS2 friends and I were all at lunch, @CAPS5 we came back to class @CAPS2 teacher was projecting the news via her computer onto the white board"" @CAPS6 computers were taken away a stream of knowledge would be cut off from adults and children. Most importantly, computers create communication between friends and family calling up to talk to someone isn't always an option, so computers are the better choice. Families can connect with each other no matter @CAPS6 they have cell phone reception or what area of the world they are in, @PERSON1 is a senior at @LOCATION1 @CAPS7 @ORGANIZATION1 who agrees. ""@CAPS4 I go to college next year I am going all the way to @LOCATION2 and want to be able to talk to @CAPS2 family, via email and instant message I can contact them even @CAPS6 its inconvenient because they don't have to respond right away."" @PERSON1 brings up a good point computers serve the luxury of communication, which is vital to keep @PERCENT2 of healthy relationships, @CAPS5 shows a study at @ORGANIZATION4. In conclusion, computers are an incredible piece of equipment that should be valued and not taken away. The are vital to workers and students and bring news to residents of any corner of the world. Computers also are how friends and family are able to stay connected and communicate. Therefore, I urge you, readers of the @ORGANIZATION2, to raise your voice about the benefits of computers, so they aren't taken away from our society."	6	6	12
495	"Dear Local Newspaper, People all around the globe are using computers! Some people think this is a bad idea but I disagree. I believe that computers do have a positive effect on a persons life style. Computers help people stay in touch, computers are only getting better and they help kids in many ways. Computers definitly help people keep in touch. There is @CAPS1, myspace, twitter, facebook, email, and even video chat. For example, my cousin is in @LOCATION1 a sometimes we will go on the computer and talk to on video chat. Without this, we would have no communication with him. Many people around the world use computers to communicate. This is how people use computers to stay in touch. Also, computers are amazing now and they're only going to get better. If computers are so great now, just imagine what they will be like in @NUM1 or @NUM2 years. Plus, the more people buy and use computers the more company are going to want to invent new ones. As you can see computers are only going to get better. The last reason I would like to share with you today is that computers help kids tromendously. On average, about @PERCENT1 of kid in the @CAPS2.S use a computer every day. Kids use it to talk to friends, play games, do homework and to do many other things as well. Also, kids and adults just use computers if they need to know how to do something or even find places in their town. This is how kids are helped out by computers. As you can clearly see, computers are used all around the world for many different reasons. They help to stay in touch, they're only going to improve, and the help kids. Everyone is using computers, shouldn't you?"	4	4	8
496	"Dear @CAPS1, I do not think people use the computer to much. I think this because some use them for work, some use them for school, and some use it to talk to family or friends that are not so close to them. Firstly, most buinesses need computers to keep the buisnesses up and running. Like were my mom works she needs the computer for pay roll, inventory, e-mailing the works about jobs, and to look up companies to supply concrete, stone, tricks, etc. Buisness people have excuses to have to use computers all the time. Most buisness people also use computers to plan buisness trips. Secondly, kids in school use computers to do homework, class work, research for projects, or to go and study island and education. Some kids can choose to use the computers improperly but at the same time interesting. Like how cells divide into smaller cells how body systems work or how a girl or boy is made from embrio to birth. In addition, most people use computers. Like @CAPS2 people use @CAPS2 to talk to on the other side of the world or you can use aim. I have both cell phone to call and text people that live far away. I use aim to talk to all my friends, I use to face with. So, don't say all people are on the computer to much and for the wrong reasons, because that is not true at all. Finally, altho all people are always on the computer it is must likely to talk to friends you haven't seen in a while or for work issues, and for school related work. In my opinion all people will always use the computer because it is the way of life now a days. So, I don't think there are any affects on anyone because we all use it to our benifits."	4	5	9
497	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 is a lot of technology including the biggest hit, the computer. I say that computers have a more positive effect on people. Some reasons include that computers teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about far away places, and even give you the ability to talk online with other people. Where would we be without computers? First of all, is that computers teach hand-eye coordination. People that type slower usually have poorer hand-eye coordination. Of course with faster typers, they have better hand-eye coordination. @PERCENT1 of people including teachers agree with this. Is this why @CAPS1 is typing ""lessons"" in computer classes in elementary school? The answer is most likely going to be a yes. Second of all, is that computers give people the ability to learn about far away places. Computers give you more resources than a book. Using the computer to go on multiple websites, is actually easier. Using these websites, people can have a higher education. One teacher said, ""using websites is so much easier for everyone. Using them for homework and having the students take notes is a lot less difficult."" And to that I agree entirely. Finally, computers give people the ability to talk to other people online. Using things like @ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS2, @CAPS3-mail, and video chat. All of these, and more give you the opportunity to chat with friends living far away. That way friendships are never really lost. People never want to lose relationships. Losing one can be very sad. I know this from personal experience. In conclusion, this is why I think that computers are a positive effect on people. From learning to chatting, computers are a great way to chat with friends and even do homework. Hand-eye coordination included. All of these are positive effects don't you think? I think so and this is why I believe that computers are a more positive effect than a negative effect on people."	4	4	8
498	"Dear @CAPS1, More and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society. I support advantages in technology and believe that computers have a positive effect on people. Computers give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, they allow you to talk to people online, and you can play games games that can help you with your school-work. Do you believe that computers give people the ability to learn about faraway people and places? You can use google.com and look up different cultures and find out how the stuff they do is different from us and what kind of food they eat. For example, in @LOCATION1, they sit on the floor @CAPS2 they eat. We get to sit at a table on our dining rooms or kitchens. @PERCENT1 of people in would floor. Surely, computers allow you @CAPS2 my cousin on the computer and @CAPS3 important to note that, on computers you can play games that can help you with your school-work. You can go on sites that you on your @CAPS4. Show you how your body works for @CAPS5, and tell you about the revolutionary war for @CAPS6 @CAPS7. These sites are not boring. This a whole lot of fun! Whoever thought that learning would be fun? I sure didnt. The time is now! Just think that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends because no matter what, people will always have time for that."	4	4	8
499	"Hi my name is @CAPS1 and I'm writing to the local news paper to say that computers are good for people and helps alot like how to get one place two another, how to learn about black history or famous people that did something to the world, and how to find out the news and weather from home or at work, how to keep your besnness going without computers their jobs would be hopless, and like of your family or you tyring to make it in life and the only way to get in contact would be the computers there are computers every where even doctors use them at a hospital to keep people alive to see what wrong with them and where they came from, and one more jobs need computers to, to see if the person is capable for the job so they might look for background information with out it even you would not have a good job so hee are some resons why computers are important. One of them is we need computers for so that we can get around, if your planing to ge some where for the @DATE1 you would look on the computer for that perfect place. Second if you don't know how to get there of corse you can use a @CAPS2 but the computer is the best because it shows the miles and how long would it take to get there so thats one of them. And second to help learn about black history month and famous people, we all know that black history month is in books but not lot of boosks have alot of info in them thats why the computer comes in handy because like on google it gives you more info and shows the image of that person so that you know who they aare, like a famous singer or raper you @MONTH1 like but knows nothing about them you would use the computer, @CAPS3 because thats the best thing to do. Third would be how to find out the news and weather, I if you did not watch the news because you missed it what could you do is go on a news site and watch the news that have been aired on tv, or a favirote show to if you want. Foruth would be besnness, with out computers there busnness would be hopless it would not last that long. @NUM1. They would not knwo there profits @NUM2. how would they monege anything, that would happen if they did not have any type of computers. There lots of more stuff that coulf have said that prove computers are good and why we need them but i just had to cut it short and schools need computers the most to take test on the computers of they have to, so thats all the resons why we need computer and why they are good bye."	4	4	8
500	"Dear, @CAPS1 @CAPS2 I think people need to see the realatey from computer's and the real world, they're a lot of people spending to much time on the computer and not spending enough time with there familys or doing things that are really important. While your on the computer your not getting any exsercise your not getting stronger your just sitting down. Thats one of the ways people get fat because there not moveing around just sitting down. When your on the computer all day everyday your missing out on whats happening with your family you miss out on every thing that's going on. I think people need to relax on spending time on the computer and get some exsercise or call one of your cousins brothers or even your mon and find out what really up because they are the ones that really matter! But you really can't tell people how long there allowed to spend on the computer you can only give an opinon and hope they listen."	3	3	6
501	"I think that people shouldnt use the computer's that much because it make's you want to be on it and on it day. Like yea you can play games on it and talk to people like other people you use of lec see I can understand that but the other people around you like that live's with you people that on the computer all day can spend time with there family and friends and to other places then going to look at them on the computer's I mean like to see other people that you see on the computer like chat or like webcam on the computer, you can maybe go see in a other state and go visited them. then being on the computer people that always on the computer should get out because there never going to do things is they are always on the computer, like when @CAPS1 on the computer @CAPS1 on it for a hour are so the I do things with family and friends, but not all the time that @CAPS1 on it, like i understand if you work on the computer at work and then finishing things at home for your work, but once in a you get to spend some time with family and friends, not @CAPS4 be on it all the time. Some people @CAPS4 come home and @CAPS4 go on the computer and that how people get lazy the start getting fat because they @CAPS4 go on the it and maybe stop to eat and back on the computer, then when they get off of it they will eb all tierd and stuff not feeling like going anywere @CAPS4 to sleep or like if they had sometimes to do after they would be all lazy an not wanted to do anything at all, that why people should get out more and do thing withe there family and friends to have fun withe there like."	3	3	6
502	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, Experts say, ""@PERCENT1 of @CAPS3 spend @NUM1 hours or more on the computer daily"" The reccomened time limits is @NUM2 hour. By spending more time on computers people aren't exercising. Secondly, those people aren't enjoying life and nature. Lastly, the use of computer puts a strains on social skills between friends and family. Surely the effects of computers cant be good. First off, people in this aren't exercising as much as they should. Obesity and diabetes effects <@PERCENT1@NUM3> of @CAPS4. Both of these diseases are lethal. If you spend so many hours on the computer these diseases wouldn't spread nearby as fast. When will you get off the computer for an hour and go outside or to the gym and exercuse so these won't affect you? Secondly, nature is a marvelous thing. Sure camping in a tent and catching dinner isn't for everyone. But, there are many ways to experience nature without ""roughing it."" You can go to the or to the aquarium. Sit on your back pond and go bird watching. All of these are great alternatives to sitting at the computer screen, looking at pictures of nature. Lastly, people aren't spending enough time with family and friends. Yes you can email, I. M., @CAPS5, and @CAPS6 family and friends, but its not the as people are less and friendly then they. Mainly of socia skills. We need to the of social without computer. In conclusion, computer do have a negative affect on people in the long tern. People aren't exersising. They aren't enjoying nature. Finally their bonds between friends and family are weahiming. This is a growing problem which must be put to end. Thank you for your time."	4	4	8
503	"Computers are very helpful in many of ways. I believe that computers can a very great needed affect on you. @CAPS5 can cause you to @CAPS1, @CAPS2 and cheap @CAPS3. The computer can @CAPS1 you in many interesting ways. The fast wat @CAPS5 can @CAPS1 is @CAPS4 helping other plan @CAPS4 vacations by money to them. Also @CAPS5 can @CAPS1 by know how to do diffrent things like @CAPS6 if you get lost or show you how to get there. The second way is helps is to give @CAPS2. The computer can give you plenty of @CAPS2. I use the computer @CAPS4 @CAPS2 @CAPS7 of . @CAPS5 also gives me @CAPS2 about a @CAPS8 college that I would @CAPS9 and like to attend to. The last way the computer helps out the its with box from there. If you @CAPS10 online you can in the computer. I @CAPS9 this machine because you don't have to buy something that just come out @CAPS4 the real expensive @CAPS12 you can just @CAPS10 online and @CAPS11 @CAPS5 @CAPS4 a cheaper @CAPS12. Also @CAPS13 mom wanter to @CAPS11 new @CAPS15 on the dealer but @CAPS5 was expensive so went online and bought @CAPS5 cheaPer than the would sell @CAPS5 to us. This is how the computer can come in handy when you need @CAPS5. This is why I believe that computer you."	3	3	6
504	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1 newspaper, I firmly believe that computers do have a positive benefits on society. These advancements in technology can only enrich peoples lives. One way computer help is that students can do their school work online and see their teachers pages. Another great thing about computers is that whenever people need information or details on any place or things have can count on the internet to help them out. Most importantly they are a vital source of communication. People depend on computers for their scheduling and keeping in touch with everyone that they know. Without computers students would have it a lot worse. When a student forgets the homework, they can just go on their teachers online page and check what he assignment was for that night. Another thing that students benefit from are online textbooks. If a student can't manage to carry home @NUM1 pounds of books they can just use their textbook online. Nowadays, the internet is filled with lots of great information and educational site. Teacher also can allow students to research for projects online and participate in online educational activities. Not only do computer help out educationally' they are probably the must well known information centers. If people want to see about a restaurant, store or product, they can do that online. Also, many people want to go to destinations but do not know how to get there. The internet provides them with directions for them on how to reach their destination in a quick and efficient manner. An extremely important and helpful aspect of the internet is the ability of purchasing and ordering items online. Before someone decides to but something, they can find out all sorts of information about the product and shop around for the lowest price. People can even order groceries to new house if they are busy! I strongly think that the internet is the number one way of communication between people. For example, the team manager of my soccer team always emails me times and locations of the next game or practice. I would be lost and confused without these emails what I depend on. Buisnesses also heavily rely on the internet to keep in touch with their clients that keep them in buisness. The use of web confrences saves a lot of travel and it allows the company to be in buisness with all over the world. Above all, people depend heavily on social networking sites to keep intouch with friends, keep up to date on the news, and have fun talking to people. Without the internet, probably half of the world communications would be down and that would not be good. Computers, without do have positive effect on society. When it can be an educational resource it is very helpful. Also, it is the best information database known to and is probably the most used. Most importantly, wihout computer the world would be a mess without their main source of communications People know not to spend too much time inside and he always know when to go outside have some fun and get some fresh air. Therefore, computers have no negative effect on people and they remain an essential asset in everyday life."	5	5	10
505	"My opinion on the effects of computers is that most people in the world spend most of their time sitting on the computer day in and day out. If someone I knew spent all day long on the computer I would tell him or her head on that he or she sould go out side and get some fresh air and get some exrcise. Some times the only way to make contact with them is by talking to them on the computer. Although the computer can be quit helpful by looking up important artifacts or important information about medical plans, tutorials of how to fix, make, or biuld things, and to meet new people, But, the computer can be a dangerous place as well you can meet someone who is lieing about their age that person might rape or miurder/kill you. If you spend twenty-four seven on the computer you could be paralized from lack of exercise or get lumf ophemia thats when your body a pears and will not be a to exercise and would need special treatments. Like masogise. Computers can also be good because it can give you hand eye coordination by useing the still looking sometimes some people for useing the computer: videos, video, and websites. You can get your computer uloaded for for quality. Some systems howe computers in them or can be connected to the computer like the, and the @CAPS1 @NUM1 @CAPS2. There are games called p.c. games some p.c. games comeucicate with childern to teach them how to write, read, spell, and pronounce words. There are also spiecal computers and/or web-sites you can search for tutorial for speaking different langueges. There are also sites you can search for tutorials for playing instroments. Some people use the computer to fill their emptynis inside of them inistead of eating. Some people obeuse the compeuter as a dug like they're addictied to it. Imagine someone addictied to computers every where he/she goes they would take their laptop with them. Many people have died useing the computer but thats because they obeused it. Everyday people buy computers this invention is very helpful as time goes on sciantists are makeing new things to save llives."	4	5	9
506	"Dear @CAPS1, I am writing this letter to inform you about my opinion on the effects computers have on people. I don't agree I think the experts are correct that people are spending too much time on their computer. My following reasons will explain why I don't agree. I think there is also an issue with computers. Please read on to understand my reasons. First of all, my reason on not agreeing with those who support technology is because their is no saftey! I think chatting online is great but dangerous. For example, most kids are followed by and its usually online. This is because the information all to unknown people. Also, kids get into dangerous for example they get kidnapped for this informal and the people they talk to. Secondly, I don't agree because it also caused addiction to the computers. Most people get addicted for the certain things they do online. These life of can also become dangerous. For example, people play some video games wich people killing and commiting crime. We cant not do in the ""real' world. These kind of game also bring people to dangerous. Another example is we've had students bringing because violence is the answer when it ! The addiction to computer is so bad that people do have a look of and interacting with things. Lastly, I dont agree because its also. Most people who are and again. These of into an life because you do enjoying at all. For example, people die of. This letter will effect others so thanks for reading. Hopefully, people understand why I dont agree."	4	4	8
507	"Dear Newspaper, Computers today have a negative effect on people. The valuable time of getting daily exercise is reduced, you will not see your family enough and some of the costs are outrageous! Owning a computer is surely not a good idea. is sitting around all day your idea of a workout? Having a computer would be very bad for your physical lifestyle. Clicking a mouse & typing away are only moving your hands, not your whole body. An individual who doesn't use the computer daily, or f or large amounts of time would be healthier than someone who always uses the computer. I remember seeing a commercial about @NUM1 children & how their lives eneded up later on in life just by their computer usage as a ""tween."" Not only will you be unhealthy but anti-socialism is probable too. Many kids, or even adults, spend precious family time playing the sims @NUM2 creating their own ideal family. This however, is not acceptable. Spending time with your family is something precious. When asked about computer usage, @PERSON1 said, ""you could easily became addicted with just @NUM2 turns!"" @CAPS1 you are addicted, both your family & you suffer. They will stop inviting you places. You wouldn't want to loose the people who are going to be ther for you, on another what. ""@CAPS2!"" shouts your computer. You have another virus. uh oh, it's deleting your hardware: all your scholastic essays, important book-marked websites & sentimental photographs. Do you have any idea how much it would cost to even try to retrieve this data? Well, it'd be alot. I know youre probably thinking, ""This couldn't happen to me,"" but in reality; yes it can storing things on a computer is much riskier than having a hard copy. It will also save you more money. Furthermore, appliances use electricity @CAPS1 they're even plugged into an outlet! So when you get your electric bill, don't be surprised, computers can be very costly which, is why it's not worth it to have one. Computers are just another unnecessary thing in life. It will take away from your over-all health, reduce family time, & cost you same big bucks. It is a fact that you can survive without a computer. But without hjealth? Well, you'd be dead. I you to consider my ideas."	5	5	10
508	"Dear Newspaper, The invention of the computer has made a great impact on society today. Although many people would look upon computers on a negative note, the computer allows us to do essential task needed in everyday life. Many people feel that the applications on a computer are @CAPS1 keeps us away from doing other productive activities, but the applications a computer holds is neccessary for must tasks. Apps suchn as  the calculater saves time from doing all the work on a piece of paper. It allows you to do simple or complex math in just less than @NUM1 seconds. Its a great for finding how much a tip is, financial reasons such as now much you have to save, or even dung same basic math or science homework. Another great application is note taking that can easily be typed. This application allows you to take notes by typing, which again eliminates the need to write with a pencil or a paper. Note taking on the computer can be used for easy to read notes to study from to get a good grade on an upcoming test or quiz. The most important and must commonly used application on a computer device is the internet. The internet has over millions of websites for many reasons. If you plan to go to the movies tonight, the internet will surely give you movie times, directions, and how long the movie will be. It is also a great way to plan family trip or to book flights and such. Considering this, the apps are very useful. The computer is also a great device to use for learning. It allows you to look online about new subjects such as far away places or people @CAPS1 would our country be line if we were not educated on the outside world around us? It is also a great learning technique for research. Our teachers today gives us many projects and assignments to learn about new things, and @CAPS1 a great way to research our topic than on the computer. The fashion of the @NUM2 and @DATE1 is just a project I did last month. The computer allowed me to find the garment both women and men wore, @CAPS1 material they were made from, and even now they managed to buy and get the material. The research from my computer gave me a great understanding on my topic and helped me to learned the basics of my topic. You would probably agree that communication can be used in negative ways, but communication is @CAPS1 keep our world spinning. The computer device is one of the many devices used for communication. Email on a computer allows you to send messages to a single or multiple people whatout the need of signal or service. Blogging is also a way of communication on a computer and gives you freedom to express your feeling on education on a certain topic. The instant message is probably the must used by teens. It is quick. It allows you to quickly talk a person without waiting, for reply for more than days. In conclusion, the computer is essential to our everyday life and without the computer, our people would not function!"	5	5	10
509	"Dear @CAPS1, You @MONTH1 have heard that there are up-sides and down-sides to using a computer. There are many more up-sides though. For example, you can communicate with people, conduct business, and you can use it to learn. A computer is a big need in today's growing technological advances. Communication is not as easy to do by phone anymore because people are always busy and on the computer. You can use computers to meet people from different countries. By doing this we can learn what life is like for them. Through social networks, such as @CAPS2 and @CAPS3, we can make plans with friends. Computers are an important communication technology. Today most business is conducted over the internet or on a computer. The @CAPS4 @CAPS5 is all computerized today, and that is a major trade way today. A lot of business transactions and presentations are done out on a computer for maximum efficiency. Computers allow us to conduct business with foreign countries without having to go there. Computers are a huge advancement in business. Computers help us learn a lot about, just about, everything. Search engines let us type in keywords and find multiple websites on that topic. Computers let us research so we get correct information with just a click. This research can be used to write essays in school. Computers help us to learn in school and outside of it. A computer is a huge technological advancement with many uses. It @MONTH1 have a few down-sides, but it has many more up-sides. Computers allow you to communicate, conduct business, and learn. Life would be much slower without a computer to speed things up."	4	4	8
510	Dear People Computers are not a really good thing because @CAPS1 you think about it you never want to get off allways chating or social networking you can allways find something to do but you are wasting your time on the computer you can do anything you want but I think to much is a waste of time. @CAPS1 you have kids you would not spend time with them you can help your kids with there homework eat with them watch t.v spend time relax but some people like laydys with kids go online and never get off you have to have time with your kids so they dont have bad habbits so they dont stay out to late. You have to have time for your self clean the house cook food for your husband go out shopping take your kids out to the mall just enjoy your life computer gives nothing to us just gets us layzy. @CAPS1 you work you have to think about your work maybe hang out with your friends dont be on the computer for @NUM1 you can do other stuff call your friends over or go shoping do cleaning in your house computer does not give us anything its just waste of time @CAPS1 you social network.... There is good thing about computers you can find anything you need look at stuff talk to family from far away. @CAPS1 you use it in good ways its a good thing but @CAPS1 you never log off faccebook or other stuff its not good to stay on. You can just go to the beach or go to the gym you have lots of stuff to do other then going online and sitting for hours. Just try not to go online and just go out and go somewhere insted...	4	4	8
511	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 people at my school sit on there computers after school. They don't go outside and enjoy nature. Visit with family and friends or even exercise. @CAPS2 people are affected by this. Going outside can enchance your knowledge, you can go on a walk in the woods. When you are on your walk you @CAPS2 find interesting new species. Also when you are outside you can play with your friends or siblings. @CAPS2 times in neighborhoods there are a lot of kids, you can start a pick of game of baseball. You can also build new things. You could find a big tree and build a treehouse or tireswing with your family. Going outside leaves you with a lot of fun activites. When kids sit on the computer they don't interact with there family or friends. During the @DATE1 you can go to the beach with your friends. It will cool you down without having to pay money for an air conditioner. You @MONTH1 also find the oportunety to go to a different state for the day. Or you could go acros the country to see your sick grandma or your newly named cousin. Going on a picnic will give you time to get to know new people. You could invite friends and have them bring a new friend for the whole group to met. You will also have a lot of tasty food and who wouldn't want that? Going places with your family and friends can pad to a worth wild experinse. @PERCENT1 of kids chose to go on the computer than to exercise. Kids will become overweight. When on the computer @CAPS2 kids will eat. Eating for hours each day to not a good idea. You can go out for your schools basketball team or run distances in cross country. Once you are on the team you will make new friends, and get your exercise for the day. When you are on a team and exercising you will learn @CAPS2 life skills. You will learn the benifits of working as a team and by yourself. So getting your exersise is a very important role in your life. Why would you choose the computer? You wouldn't be able to enjoy the outdoors. Or spend time with family and friends. You would become over weight and unhappy. So, don't choose the computer, choose another activity!"	4	4	8
512	"Dear the newspaper, Computers are great resources and are helpful in many ways. @CAPS1 we have the technology, why not use it? Computers give us simple yet very useful programs like @ORGANIZATION1 word or photoshop, outstanding abilities to look up any information you want, and keep in touch with far away relatives useing facebook or video chats like skype. Wouldn't it @CAPS1 you were just about to finish an essay for school when you mispelled a word and had to start all over?! Well this is what happened frequently when computers weren't around and you had to use a typewritter. Unlike typewriter, computers have programs such as michrosoft word, where @CAPS1 you make a simple mistake, all you have to do is press backspace. With programs like this, essays and flyers are extremly easy to make. There are also a lot of other programs like powerpoint, photoshop, or video-editing. These are real time. You can just put your camera chip into your computer and ""walaa"" instant editting. Programs that you can download make life a whole lot simpler and saves you a lot of time. Along with the programs to write a paper, you can use the internet and google to get the information! All you have to do is type in a shourt phrase and instantly get thousands of sites, all packed with information. And instead of spending ten minutes in a dictionary. com and find it in a split second. I took a tally and @NUM1 out of every @NUM2 kids use the internet at least once a day! Lets say you had a party coming up, but had nothing creative to cook for food. Just type in creative foods for a party"" and you will easily have hundreds of newe recipies to choose from. The internet is an extraordinary invention that is very simple and helpful to use. Antoher fantastic thing to use on a computer is social connections such as myspace, facebooks, or skype. This is a great way to catch up with old friends from highschool or college, or plan a big event while being relaxed at home. @CAPS1 you had soccer practice at night so you couldn't hang out with friends, but still had time to do a quick chat, this is perfect. Skype and other video chats are amazing. They are very convienent when you need to speak with someone all the way in @LOCATION1 for busieness and don't want to travel. All you have to to is open a link a ""bamm"" they're right there! These are great for buisnesses and long distance ralationships. I have an uncle and aunt who live in and we use skype to keep in touch. It a fantastic way to communicate acros the globe. Computers @MONTH1 make as ""look""lazy, but give us a lot. Saved time from their convenence to run around and get exersize. Computers have amazing programs that help us in all ways, internet for quick information, and social connections to keep in touch with family, friends and buisnesses. Computers are one of the most convenent things we have and I strongly suggest you would agree with me."	5	5	10
513	"Dear newspaper, @CAPS1 you want to learn good hand-eye coordination? @CAPS1 you want to have the ability to learn about far away places? And @CAPS1 you want to talk online with other people? If you said @CAPS3 to all of these questions then using a computer is the way to go! While using a computer you can @CAPS1 many things. You can look up a good healty recipe for your family or find a good relaxing place to @CAPS1 your daliy yoga. Although some people say that using a computer cuts down your time for exercising and enjoying nature, but it really doesn't. A recent poll was talking at the planet fitness in newington @CAPS2 and it showed that @PERCENT1 of the exercising people discovered planet fitness by the internet. @PERSON1 nature of the department of health and wellness said ""@PERCENT2 of my customers take online corses of exercising at home so that they don't have to be in public."" @CAPS3 i know it seems lazy to not go to a gym but, some people are terrified about what others think at them, so its I mean who doesn't want to exerise in the warning conforts of your own home and not have to go to a sweaty old gym? All right-minded people would stay at home and exersie from thier computer and not have to go to a sweaty and smelly gym. So its never. @CAPS1 you go to a sweaty old gym, or @CAPS1 you stay at your beautiful clean have with the inernet? Image, as soon as you get up in the well rested, instead of going to a yuchy gym you can stay home and enjoy a relaxing walk out in the comfort of your own home. Certently you care about your nose and want to be able to smell a nice warn apple one. But if you dont thats fine too. So don't go to a gym, stay at home and enjoy your day with your internet!!! I say stay at name and love your internet!!!"	4	3	7
514	"How would you like to got a ""@CAPS1"" on your social studies report? What if you couldn't see your school friends at all after-school? What if you were bored to death, and you couldn't watch t.v. or play games? Some experts are about people because they think they are spending too much time using their computers and not enough time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. On your computer: you can watch videos and play games, you can chat and talk to people, and you can even boost up your grade. I honestly think that the thought of people being on their computers too much is a silly thought @CAPS2, let's look at how a computer can change your life. Lets say you have a history report the tomorrow, you forgot your history book at school, and you know nothing about the report. You are going to fail if you don't hand it in, so why not turn on your computer and open up the internet browser. I remember @TIME1 year I was doing a report about the @CAPS4 @CAPS3. I literally knew nothing about them and I failed to bring home my book. I opened up the internet and typed in @CAPS4 @CAPS3 in @ORGANIZATION1 and @DATE1 I found out that I got a @NUM1 on the report. You can also use the computer just to look up information for for about something that you might learn in school. ""@TIME1 @DATE1, I was reading about the @CAPS6 @CAPS7 and a few days @DATE1 we talked about how that @CAPS7 posibly could have been made. I was the only student in our grade that knew that answer. You can use the computer for playing games that are related to school. For example, how fast can you complete all of these multiplication problems or division problems. Look at what computers can do. If you got bad grades (without computer), you will go to a bad college and have a bad job, however, if you got good grades(with computer), you will go to a good college and get a good job. Next, let's look at how you can chat or talk to people. You can have a mesaging connection with someone by using @CAPS8 or a free to free conversation using @ORGANIZATION2 on your computer. Studies show that @PERCENT1 of people with computers have either @CAPS8 or @ORGANIZATION2 installed in their computers. You can also communicate with people who has an email address. I remember having a problem with my laptop and my crush knows everything about them. So I emailed him and how I get a response and I fixed my laptop. You are able to interact with people by meeting them online and then them on public. Everyone know about those dating websites that matches two people and them together. A computer can really the of your life. Lastly, let's look at what you can do in the computer when you are bored. Why you go youtube and watch videos that look appropriate and interesting? ""@CAPS10, I was done with homework and I didnt know what to do, so i online and spend only watching youtube videos, sometimes people like playing games. Just @TIME1, I was playing tetris, but only for @NUM2 minutes because I needed a goodnight's before the @CAPS11. You can also listen to the radio on a website. Statistics show that @PERCENT2 of people that listened to the radio @CAPS10 were in cars. But @PERCENT3 is also @PERCENT4 more listening to the radio online. Not only can a computer increase your grades and improve your life, can entertain you as well. As you can see, saving the of computers is is a silly idea and is absolutely non-sense. Computers can and make you. I honestly never seen someone on the computer for."	5	5	10
515	"Alot of people have different ideas on if they believe computers benefit society. I for one believe that computer are useful for many things. The first reason why I believe this, is because one a lot of schools will need them for students, to do projects. Second they have computer gamed to help kids learn. Third I believe its a good way to just relax. The first reason why believe computers are good is because many kids in school will need them. In school we have a lot of projects that we might need type or get a picture. If we didn't have computers there would be no way we could do that. Also if we do persuassive waiting pieces. We would need a computer to type it to make it looks better. Many people might say we could all just write it out. But I believe that typing it might be faster and neater for some people. The second reason why I believe computers are good is because they have many good games to help people I know that have many different games text not readable Computers are good is because it's a a good way to relax. Aint of people get home from work or and are very tired. But instead of just going and sitting on the couch for the whole night you could go to the computer and do a fun game for a little while. Many people say that watching tv and going on the computer is the same things. But if you play an educational game once in a while it might be ok. But then you can do something fun on the computer every so often. In conclusion I believe computers are good because one many kids need them for school second they have a lot of educational games. its a good way to relax."	5	4	9
516	"Dear Local Newspaper, Have you ever used a computer? More than @PERCENT1 of the population Computers benefit society and have gotten people all over the world smarter and advanced. Computers help people learn things keep in touch with family and friends! They @MONTH1 also tad addicting but people know when to stop. Computers have brought us a long way! Computers are a magnificent tool for new things. The great websites for example search engines, dictionary even @CAPS1 all virtually encourage us to learn about the ""riches"" the tropical @LOCATION1. By computers letting people easily access tools that help us gain knowledge can become more advanced in many of our lives. For example by on the computer, scientist can develop new theories did uncover things! Computers also have websites and programs that can help you cannot will family and friends! ""I have last touch with many of my friends from high school,"" @PERSON1 explains ""the computer through email and facebook, is a great way to stay in touch with them!"" Computers of websites including facebook, and myspace that can help people stay in touch/find family and friends. It has came to my realization to find that many people would live long, lives if they could not internet will friend. But with the help people are lively and happy including with friend! Although computer are good for this they @MONTH1 be addiction. I have people that @MONTH1 be able to have computer addiction. But on the other feel that the if he can make their decisions in what is right. If people want to spend countless hours sitting in front of the glowing technology then be it. Not one person. Computers anyone it is simply unconstituional. Most people including understand that computers are a benefitful and fantistic source of technology. @NUM1 out of @NUM1,000 people in the world are addicted to computers. There from the small we are able that computers are for from addicting. In conclusion, Computers have a positive effect on people. They teach help stay in touch and are not addicting. Therefore they very beneficial to the world, its people and technology."	5	5	10
517	"Dear to whom this @MONTH1 concern I know everybody that dont uses computers are why are people effect by the computers. Well i think computer is better then newspaper, on news papers you could find the news, well of course but wheather, houses for sale, tv casting, jobs and others just the same way as @CAPS1 but instead it like virtual. It benefits society for certain reasons it depends. some times computerscan be a negative effects on people but it also teach people how to read, write, type, learn and other. What I about we can talk to others we can see pictures of people whom we no we can google into about things we need to no, it helps when they need to find they way around the mapquest. A negative issue with having computers with internet, certain websites that are not age able. Kids be on website thier parents dont bout, looking up with boys they meet over the @CAPS1, People dying making plans with someone the next day the person is gone missing. I think if experts take away computers must kids well be mad and upset and there will be nothing more to do but play video games and go outside and these are my opinions."	3	4	7
518	"Dear Local Newspaper, Technology is really a fascinating thing in life is it? Take a computer for example, they can check information online, give people the ability to learn about far away places and people, and even allow people to communicate. This absolutely benefits society. Well, it makes life a lot easier and faster for people. Don't you agree? Do you ever forget what your homework was or what time does something start and end? Well you can always checks information online, @CAPS3 you ever forget! So there, you can be on task and get ready early. For example, you need to know what time a movie starts at the movie theatre so you check online! Also, you can forget the steps of how to do something on your project or homework, so you check online! So whenever a student forgets, he can check online instead of coming tomorrow to school and saying, ""@CAPS1 I didn't know what to do,"" or, ""@CAPS1, I forgot how to do it."" @CAPS2 you ever wanna travel to places but you knew nothing about the place? Or how much would it cost? Or have you ever wanted to learn about a famous person, for example, @PERSON1? Instead of going to the library and reading through all these books to learn something, you can just go online! There are millions and millions of websites about places and people. Therefore, it makes it much easier to learn about a certain place, person or thing. The computer can be really helpful and useful. Plus, you can plan vacation, to a place and be sure you will have enough money by checking the price online! So you won't have to worry that you wont have enough money when you got there. @CAPS2 you ever want to communicate with your friends all day long without wasting minutes? In fact, you can communicate with multiple friends on the computer. For example, chat rooms can reach up to hundreds of people. Therefore, you won't have as much trouble trying to communicate to all your friends at a time on the computer than on the phone. Also, you communicate with people around the world. This includes your family members or relatives etc. @CAPS3 they live on the other side of the @LOCATION1. Plus, @CAPS3 you have not seen them for awhile or haven't talked to them, you can webcam or video chat with each other. Keeping in contact with important people or your friends is a good thing. The effects that computers have on people are really something you should thank god for. You can check information about something @CAPS3 you ever forget. You have the ability to learn about people and places easily and you can communicate with your family and friends!"	4	4	8
519	"Dear, @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 idea about ""Computers"" is very well thought outside of the box.Well. We sure need computer to look up information these days. Why do we need them now and it dident existed before? Reseach shows over @PERCENT1 of @CAPS2 says computer is everything. Let me explain a little bit further to you what I mean. First, you can look up places, chat with friends and family. @CAPS1 oppinion about using the local internet would be that it's good only for those who knows and not trying to be mean. For little world neve should get to bed at least @NUM1 pm, and never to forget about nature outside of fresh air. In conclusion, internet these days are very good for people."	2	3	5
520	"Dear @CITY1 @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 if I was with or aganist people using computers. But I thought about it I decided that i was aganist using computers. For the same reasons, safety stop education, sites that are not appropriate to see. I know many people @MONTH1 think how come using a computer is not safe. Well eventhough you are not talking to someone in person and only on the computer what you do over computer is not safe. The reason why is because most of the time there would be thats thirty and we be like @NUM1, @DATE1 and I use those ages because kids are age be the man one on @CAPS2 myspace, but he can be like thirty and we be like @NUM1 - @DATE1 and us not knowing he comes on myspace or @CAPS2 put another picture up there of young did we start thinking to him meet up and something had happend. For example my friend who was on myspace was talking to a fourty-one year old and then they met up but she did not know his age and she was rapped. Not everybody is true over the computer. Education is very important even for adults and children. Bieng on the computer is not going to bring are education up is going to brings down. The reason why this is most @DATE1 threw @NUM3 come home from school put there hookbag down eat and then do straight on myspace, @CAPS2, @CAPS5 instead of studying, reading, doing their homework. Eventhough those websites do help you learn but only about for myspace, read messages on @CAPS2 look at people comments on @CAPS5. Like for example I would go and instead of me learning new I am bieng and learning new information. Learning brings achievement, a computer brings not succeeding. There is not much I can say about sites thats not appropriate all I can say is watch what you on and see on myspace cause you might just but into something you not suppose to such as raped that went on. Be careful."	5	4	9
521	"Computers have a very positive effect on people. Computers help people in many ways. They teach people about history and faraway places. They also are a great way to yourself. Computers also are another way to comunicate to people for away it only a few houses down. Computers have a of knowledge and more is added everyday. Everyday i go on the computer i learn something new. You can search the word @LOCATION1 and instantly have millions of web pages in fron of you that all had new knowlage and exciting things about @LOCATION1. Computers are much faster than having to go down to local library and look for a book that has the information you need. You can also find diffrerent veiws and perspectives of a subject online. Depending on what website you go to you can get opinions on certain places and events, which you cannot find books at the library. Computers have a amount of knowledge instantly and also some opinions of things. Computers can also entertain you. There are many entertaining website online that you can go to when you bored. There are books and magazines you can read at anytime you want. If you like to read then check online, these @MONTH1 be a book you enjoy free of charge to read. Some people like to play games. On the computer you can find almost any game you want to play. These are board games, video games, strategy game, adventure games, and many many more than that. I could go on for hours listing at the different types. If you like sports you can look on the internet and find pages about different sports. You could find ways to improve how you play or you to play that sport. If you like to watch @CAPS1. you can also do that on a computer. Some @CAPS2.V programs put the diffrent episodes online so people can easily view them just by one click of the mouse. Computer can anybody who uses it. Computers help tech you things entertain you. but they also can communicate to your friends and family. Many programs let you to people through the internet. You could send emails to your cousin half way across the world. In emails you can attach pictures and files with text to communicate. These are various programs. IM means instant messaging, that means that instantly you message to another person using that program. You put a message in and away it goes instantly reaching ther person you trying to teach. Now thse are even more to communicate. you can make audio calls to a person using the computer. It is like a phone just not.Web cams make it possible to record and send video instantly, but can also uses to talk to one through a video call. The program connects you to your friends or family and you can see them thourhg a video. computers are a great way to comunicate with others. Computers help in a positive way. They give you access to an amazing amount of information. They can you. Computers also great way to communicate to people no matter how far away that person is. I would completly say that computers are a positive thing."	5	5	10
522	"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, With computers being so popular right now it's easy to think that they are helpful and have a positive effect on the people that use them. However, I do do belive that computers have more harmful effects than good ones on the people they are used by. I belive this for @NUM1 reasons. One, they take away from spending time with real people, they make people get less excersis, and also they are very distracting and waste time. One reason why I don't think computers have a positive effect on people is that the time spent on the computer could be put to better use by doing things with family and friends. Now and day people are using social networking sites like @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 to talk with people far away. People can spend hours communication with someone they will never meet and completly ignore the people who care for and love them. Also communication with people online can be dangerous because the person who you are messaging might not be who they say they are. Overall, setting out and actually spending time with real people creates memories that you will cherish for the rest of your life. This feeling can never occur through the internet. Another reason why I think that computers have a bad effect on their users is that constant computer use has resulted in a lack of excersise for many people. People who use computers for many hours are just sitting still. They aren't being active. The only movement that occurs while on a computer is the tiny flick of a finger as it clicks the mouse button. This is clearly not enough excersise that is required to maintain a healthy and happy lifestyle. Studies have shown that since the invention of computers young people especially have been gretting less and less physical activity. I'm sure that this will continue to get worse if people continue spending a majority of time on their computers. A third reason why I think computers are having a negative effect on people is because they are distracting and they waste time. An example of this is that once when I was online doing research for a school project, I saw an advertisment for a website that looked interesting. When I clicked on it I was brought to a site full of funny stories and pictures. I spent the next half an hour reading entries on that website and completely forgot about my project. When I relized what I had done I rushed to finish my research and ended up getting a poorer grade then. I'm sure I would have gotten if I had not been distracted other things to do on the computer. This is why I think computers do not have a good effect on the people who use them. They take away from spending time with family and friends, they result in less excercise. And they waste time and are distractions. "	5	5	10
523	"Dear newspaper, I disagree with you about computers. I think that computers are helpful with projects, homework, or letters. For example you can use a computer to help you with projects, if you have a project to do and you don't feel like going to the library, you can use a compater to look up information on just about anything. And you don't have to draw pictures, that's what printers are for. Also when you have homework most kids or teenagers, even adults don't like doing homework, thats what a computer do for you can just look up the anser online and then your done in no time. Let's say you have to write a essay I know nobody likes to write essay's by hand you can type @CAPS1 and design @CAPS1 with your own designs and make @CAPS1 look nicer than you writing @CAPS1. Further more I know nobody likes to keep up with and if you lose @CAPS1 then you have to start over and that takes forever to do especially if @CAPS1's due the next day, you get bored and you don't feel like writing @CAPS1 over and you get mad because you already did @CAPS1. And when you had @CAPS1 in you mysteriously find you other paper that you finished and lost and @CAPS1 makes you so angry. And then you have to worry about if someone store @CAPS1 and copied @CAPS1 and put their name on the copied one but changed some of your ideas around so that they wouldn't lose major points and grade drops from a @CAPS2 to a @CAPS3 in no time flat. Lastly you can use a computer write finds of letters. You can write a that and people's report card's if your a teacher, and you can also write a letter to friend that mights have moved away. Therefore the types of letters you should be writing are love letters to yor wife or girlfriend at work or in school and @CAPS1 fast too instead of writing @CAPS1 and then you hards start to the worst kind of way. So instead you can write @CAPS1 fast and they get @CAPS1 fast if they have computer but if they work at a school then they can get because every school should have a computer so they'll be able to get @CAPS1. Another kind of letter you can write is a letter to your friend that you haven't seen in years or that has moved to another country or to another state so I hope now I have convinced you about why @CAPS1 is @CAPS4 to have a computer but as you sad @CAPS1 itsn't always @CAPS4 to be on the computer @NUM1 but once in a while @CAPS1 okay especially in an emergency if someone has just died in your family and you don't know how to get there use a gas, and if you don't have a gas go online and print out the directions so that you can get their and see which family member died and if you knew that so now that you know the importance of a computer. I hope you use @CAPS1 wisey."	4	5	9
524	"Dear @LOCATION1 Newspaper: I am writing to you about my opinion on the effects computers have on people. Computers have a positive affect on people because they help students as well as many others study, they allow you to access stores by shopping online and computers allow people to communicate. After reading this letter, I assure you that you will agree with me. The first reason why computers have a positive affect on people is because they help students as well as many other people study. If you have a test or quiz in @CAPS1, you can go on your computer and print out @CAPS1 practice sheets. Or if you have a vocabulary exam you can find the definitions fast and easy on the computer. In the times @ORGANIZATION1, a statistic shows that @PERCENT2 of students in the @ORGANIZATION2 find computers there best studying tool. They find it affective and fast to use. Last night, I had a test on the @CAPS3 @CAPS4 and I went online, typed in ""The @CAPS3 @CAPS4"", and found @MONTH1 helpful cites on it. It was useful and did not waste my time. Using a computer for studying is a very good reason why it positively affects people and makes them happier but their is on even greater one. Secondly, computers have a positive affect on people because it saves people time by shopping online. So many stores now allow you to purchase stock on me. it is easy .with a click of a button and saves you time driving to the stores. In @ORGANIZATION1, it showez that @PERCENT1 of @ORGANIZATION1 across the @ORGANIZATION2 said shopping online improved their lives by making it less hectic from driving from store to store. Shopping online creates a positive, less hectic life for many people around the world. Online shopping having a positive affect on people by making their lives less busy is a great reason but there is one last even greater one. The last most important reason why computers have a positive impact on people is because it allows people to communicate with each other. Communication through computers are extremely powiar. With instant messaging or email of even blackboard, a new teacher-student communication site, computers are often being used for communication. i surveyed @NUM1 kids and @NUM2 said that computers are there main source of communication. Communication through computers it has a positive affect on people in many ways like to communicate easier for work, to talk to your best friend on e-mail who just moved to @LOCATION2, or to simply send out invitations for a party to all your friends. Computers have made life easier for many through communication, making a positive effect on them. This is why communication having a positive affect on people is the most important reason. To conclude, computers have a positive effect on people because it allows them to study easier, saves people time by shopping online, and allows people to communicate. With all the ways computers help us there is no reason why they would negatively affect us. I know that you will take this into cons ideration. Computers are making our lives easier day by day and who knows what they will be able to do in the future."	4	5	9
525	"The use of computers has been increasing since personal computers were invented. Although there are some upsides to computers like doing research and interacting with people, there are @CAPS1 more bad aspects then good ones when it comes to computers. Computers negatively affect the way people live outside the ""virtual world."" @CAPS1 people end up overweight or obeise from spending too much time in a computer chair and not enough time outside exercising. People also tend to interact with people on the computer that they don't talk to out in the world, or that they don't know at all. People also give out personal information to people they don't know, which leads me to my second point. Thefts happen everyday across the globe, whether it's robbing a bank, a store, or even someone's identity. Using a computer can lead to @CAPS1 thefts. There are people that hack into people's banking account, which has all your personal information on it, and withdraw any sum of money tha they like. Millions of people have all of their information online, for anyone to see, and this is very dangerous. That is another downside to computers. My final point that is to be made is all the costs that come with computers. @CAPS1 people have to spend a lot of money on glasses because they looked at a computer nearly all the time. Some people even must pay for rehab. There are people out there who are actually addicted to the internet, so they have to pay thousands of dollars to get back to health. As you can see, there are @CAPS1 more cons than pros when it comes to computers. Any of these things could happen to you so I advise you not to use a computer."	4	4	8
526	"Dear @CAPS1 people, Your have been told that using a @CAPS1 can give no knolege, but I agree that it gives you hand-eye cordanation, A @CAPS1 is the most helpful thing in the world. For my first reason, computers have so many technology things inside that help people everyday. I want to talk about interacting with family and friends. You can go on facebook, myspace and even twitter to talk to your friends. Its the most common thing to go on the @CAPS1. About @PERCENT1 teens and adults use myspace and facebook. Litter kids would be like @PERCENT2 use @CAPS2 to interact with some friends. This technology is the most best thing you could ever use. The second reason is, that people need to learn how to use a @CAPS1 and the hand-eye cordination. For learning, you could learn how to type, write stories, using @ORGANIZATION1 word, and even learning whats to use on the internet, for hand-eye cordination, you can learn all the keys an the keyboard and what they do to get better skills. My thirdly reason is, how to search on google or the @LOCATION1. Google is the most common thing that everyone uses. To look up pictures for projects, labs basiclly for anything. And for the dictionary, you can see what words mean and the dictionay is for learning and doing homework. For my conclusion all these reasons are true and computers are the greatest sources on the planet, everyone do you want education or not? computers help everyone. You gotta love it!?!"	4	4	8
527	"Imagine a world without computers chaos in war, even the cluter on your desk. The chat you're having with you bestfriend on aim wouldn't happening. The report on @LOCATION1 might not get done because all the books were checked out, in fact we wouldn't have noble or any space program without computers. I know of this happened I wouldn't be happy. Compaines almost relys on technology you can't just send a letter and have @CAPS2 at the office in five minutes. Communication through the computer is very popular. @PERCENT1 of the world use aim or another chat service, in a studie done by a @CAPS1 professor @NUM1 out of every student doesn't talk to family on aim service a quote from the professor said ""@CAPS2 a good thing to stay in touch with their familys as wel as keeping up to date on curent events. @CAPS5 computers are taken away information is gone. Its all lost in some pile of papers. @DATE1 time my computers crashed and I had a report due but all the books were gone. That report was done @DATE1 when they were fixed. Now thanks to the new computer @CAPS3 @PERCENT2 more organized a nasa is running on mars. Nasa runs completely by computers. Look what they have given us today. @PERCENT3 of all household aplienses come from nasas work. A coment from nasa imply @PERSON1 ""@CAPS4 would be no cars or phones without use, their coumputes to."" @CAPS5 thats true are they going to take away cars and phones as well. We need you the people to dicide. The people who made this country what @CAPS2 is to dicide do think we shouldn't have coumpters. I don't and neather should you."	4	4	8
528	"Dear @PERSON1, The advansing technology is showing a very negative affect on people. Because of computers people are spending too much time on computer and less time doing things that are better for them. First, spending too much time on the computer can be bad for your health in many ways. For example, looking at a bright computer screan for more than @NUM1 min at a time is extremely bad for your eyes. The brightness damages your eyes and can lead to severe loss of vision. Also, if you spend all of your time indoors and on the computer you will not get the exersize you need. @PERSON1, were you aware that for every @NUM2 min you are on the computer you should spend @NUM2 min outside. It is very important to get fresh air, sunlight, and exersize. Moreover, another problemwith computers is that you don't get as much interaction with people. With online chatting you can't know what the other person is feeling like, @PERSON1, or if you are even talking to other person you think you're talking to. It is much better to interact with people in person, face to face. To have good social health you need to hang out with friends, and laugh, and have a good time, not sit in a dark room and talk with online friends. @PERSON1, people need to interact with real people. Furthermore, computers can be very distracting to many people. For example, @PERSON1, say you needed to type up an article for the paper on the computer, but you decide to play a game for a min, or look something up, or talk with a friend. You say that it will only take a minute and then you with type the article. But when you stop all of a sudden you played for @NUM4 hours. Then you have to stay up later to finish. Computers are extremely distracting. People of all ages have this problem of being distracted by computers and not gettind work done. In conclusion, computers, although an advance in technology, have very negative side affects. @PERSON1, I feel that it is our job to tell the people of the negitive side effects of computers. It is our job to help people over come the side affects of computers. Please @PERSON1, we need to help the people by writing an article in the paper to warn them of the terrible effects computers have."	4	4	8
529	"I think that computers have a positive effect on people because you can communicate with different places around the world. Store things on them, and use them for entertainment. Computers have a positive effect because you can communicate with other people around the world. This is good because instead of calling people you can go on computer and talk to them for free. Long distance phone calls cost a lot. But if you can just go on your computer and talk to them there's going to be no charge. Being able to talk to other people over the internet is very useful and fun. If there wasnt a computer people would be talking to as much people and there social life would be bad making there life not as exciting. This is one reason why I think that computer have a positive effect on people. Another reason why computers give a positive effect in people if you have a lot of paperwork that is just lieing around is in the way. Well if you have a computer there are featers that your able to store thing and because much more organized. Being more organized there is less stress one you start to feel better about lossing things and being able to find them. This is why I think that computers are very great and useful. The last reason why I think that computers have a positive effect on people is that people can use it for entertainment. Computers can do many things like play game, listen to music, watch videos, and chat with your friends. Being able to play games for free on your computer is awesome. If you cant aford to get a game system them you are able to go on your computer and play pretty much what ever game or close to the game that you want to play. A computer can also play music. You can have @CAPS1 and download musics to something or go to web sites that have musical on them. Also you can do video chats with your friends if they live far away. I hope that I convinced you to like computers more and think that they are great and have a positive effect on people. Being able to play games, store thing, and chat with other people is pretty amazing."	5	4	9
530	"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 opinion on the fact of the computer is that it can be bad for the citizens in @LOCATION2 in @LOCATION1. I think that some people are not getting enough exercise and I also think that you can get lazy on the computer is bad too. @CAPS1 three reasons for @CAPS1 opinion is @NUM1. People are not getting enough exercise, @NUM2. People get lazy and changes while being on the computer an mount of time, @NUM3. They will get addicted to the computer. The first reason is because people are not getting enough exercise I pick that reason because people I know gain a lot of weight and it's kinda of sad because they do nothing but stay on the computer and eat. Another detail is that the computer messes up your eyes by staring at that type of screen. One time I did that and @CAPS1 eyes felt weird after getting on the computer. The third detail was that people gets very fragile and weak. I picked that detail because if you get up off the computer and exercise your bones will become weak. The second reason is because people will become lazy and changes for an example people will keep asking you to get stuff and do stuff for them and you would do it because you be a good friend. The second detail is that the person will change, the person will be lazy to go to fun events with you as a freind. The next thing you you wont have a freind anymore. The third detail is that it's like your bestfriend has replaced you for a computer that hurts if a person you know for a long time has replaced you for a computer thats something that will make you depressed and make you wanna commit suicide too me anyways. The third reason is because the person will get addicted to the computer for an example you want to celebrate a birthday and the person says ""first I got to beat this level."" @CAPS2 the person saying that the person is not going to get off the computer. Another detail is that his day will go pass fast and thats like waisting days of life and people who died will do anything to get their life and to waist is not good. The third detail is you will began to hate the person because the person dosen't care about anything but the computer. Those were the reasons to explain @CAPS1 opinion on the compter fact in the news paper I read."	4	4	8
531	"Dear editor, Computers have a good effect on humans. The reason is because you can interact with friends and family that they know, the computer @MONTH1 be portable so you can still get outside, and lastely people can research places where they want to go on vacation. These reasons are how computers have a good effect on humans. To begin with, seeing people in person is not the only way to communicate, on the computer there is many ways. There are chat rooms, that have typing to eachother. Take my friend @PERSON5 for example, he used to live in @LOCATION2 with all his friends and family until buisiness came along. His buisiness transfered @PERSON5 all the way to @LOCATION1. Thank god he had a computer, because other wise he would not have able to communicate with his friends. @PERSON5 is not the only person in which he is transfered far away from home. In fact, @PERSON4 showed @PERCENT1 of people with a computer tend to talk to friends and family more often because they can do it whenever they need. Gene a phsychyatrist states that when someone in a family has to leave to go on buisiness, then that family will start relying on a computer to communicate. Do you want to lose a friend or family member? Moreover, computers @MONTH1 be portable. If a computer is portable then you can see nature and still use the computer to get the job done. Take my cousin @PERSON2 is a teacher and always has to do his students grades during the weekend. He was bummed out because he could never get outside. So for his birthday, he got a portable computer, this allowed him to go outside and do his job while getting fresh air and seeing nature. @PERSON2 is one of many lucky people that has had this happen to them. @PERSON6 has shown that @PERCENT2 of teachers buy portable computers so they can see nature and get fresh-air while doing their job. @PERSON1, proved that if a teacher doesn't get any fresh air while doing their job then they can make a valuable mistake or even get sick. Would you, a teacher, want to get sick with no fresh air or be healthy working out doors? Lastly, there is more to do on computers than doing work and communicating with friends and family. You can research places for vaction. My aunt @PERSON3 had always dreamed of going on vacation but couldn't find any information on fun, outdoor places. Until, she got her hands on a computer. This way she found a fun place and left the country for week. @PERSON3 is not the only person this has happened to. In fact, @ORGANIZATION1 shows that @PERCENT3 of people hesitate to go on vaction because they don't know about the country or place."	5	5	10
532	"I think that the computers are good to be used because anybody can use them at anytime or go on it whenever they want to. The reason why I think it is good is because you can contact someone that you know and talk to them whenever you want. Another reason is because you can play games or look for something or even make a research on stuff that you want to know or about something that you were always curious about. A computer is also usefull for better things like using it for when going to work or when a kid in school needs to do a report of project and needs to do it in typing and also to save stuff that you don't want nobody to use. Computers can sometimes be helpfull to people that really need it and that actually need to use it, but it can also be a fun activity to do if anybody doesnt have nothing to do. I think that the computer is awsome because anybody enough can open up their own website and create something what. A lot of people can go on the internet and open an account on a website; for example a @CAPS1 or a @CAPS2 or a @CAPS3 for that what to have an account. These are a lot of people that use the computer in a good way and use it for things that it can actually be used for. So I think that the computers are avery helpfull to people that like seaching for stuff that there curious about or to have to use it for good needs."	4	3	7
533	"Dear,newspaper I think that people should have computers I think that because kids play game to help them learn like math game or read and grown ups can go on websites and watch work out videos and they could pay there bills on the computer to and they dont have it in the store of kids need to do there homework computers are good for that buy thet also have bad stuff like kids say they are doing there homework but they are on youtube myspace or facebook. or other stuff but computers have more good stuff about them they bad things so that? Why I think we should have computers."	3	2	5
534	"Dear local newspaper, my name is @PERSON1 I am @NUM1 and I go to naylor school. I am writing to you convince that computers have a positive effect on people. Please read the following reasons. Computers have a positive effect on people. Your able to communicate with people all over the world. When my brother goes on the computer he get's to talk to my family in @LOCATION1 I like to use skpye because when we talk to family in @CAPS1.R we use a webcam to keep in touch with my family. They teach hand eye coordination and help me in ping-pong. It help me wacth the ball in computer and I do the same in the wreak. You have lot's of access to different information, my mom found a job in the computer. Everybody have access to weather or news, Some say it's a lack of exercise. People get addicted to the computer. Some can get obese and mess with your love life. These are the reasons why I belive computers are good for society. This is why people should agree that advance in technology. Technology keeps on upgrading."	4	3	7
535	I think computers are good because you can talk to your friends and family on the computers. People needs computers to look for a job. Some people spend to much time on the computers then on homework people need to stop.	1	1	2
536	"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 name is @PERSON1 and @CAPS2 writing to talk to you about how computers benefit society. Did you know that @NUM1 out of @NUM2 homes have at least @NUM3 computer in their home? Well who wouldnt! Computers let you learn more because you can research more, its quicker than having to go and look things up in the library, and with tools like @CAPS3 and facebook you can talk to people you normally dont get to see. Computers let you learn more because of the internet. With the internet you can use websites like google, @LOCATION1 and @LOCATION2. When you look stuff upon these websites and many others you can get valuable information that can get you ahead in life. For example, if I was looking up a chocolate chip recipe and I tried different things to make it unique then sold it, just think that life changed with one click on the computer. Also if I had to research a topic for @CAPS1 history project then I would go onto the computer, to google and then type in @CAPS1 topic and be overwelmed by getting the info that I needed and got an at on the project thats how computers help you learn more. Computers are very quick I can make @NUM4 powerpoints slides @CAPS6 with useful information in the time it would take me to go to the library, find a good book and write enough information to make powerpoint slide: on overage @PERCENT1 of people turn to the computer to find useful information. When I was doing @CAPS1 social studies project @TIME1 I had to find out what the @CAPS4 flag looked like. So, instead of trying to possibly find a book on the library. I just hopped on google and clicked images and clicked images and typed in @CAPS4 flag. Within seconds @CAPS1 screen was @CAPS6 with real and edited pictures of the @CAPS4 flag. It is amazing how fast information can travel from the world wide web to your computer. So would you rather be stuck in a library looking up information forever or out enjoying your life because you saved all that time by going on the computer? Have you ever heard of facebook, myspace, @CAPS3, or twitter? Well they are all great ways to communicate with people using the computer. When I am @CAPS3 or facebook I can talk to people that I might not get to see all the time one of @CAPS1 friend from camp lives in @CAPS10 so I dont get to see her alot so with the wonderful invention of facebook I could talk to her all the time. Just think without the computer facebook would have never been invented so I would have most likely lost touch with a good friend. Also when I go on the computer. I have the option signing onto something called @CAPS3 or email. With this I can talk to people and get wacky emails. That would happen if the computer wasnt invented. So dont you want information to be easier to research? Quicker to find out information. And talk to friends more easily. Well lets make it @NUM2 out of @NUM2 homes that have a computer and help benefit society by doing your part and just getting what you need on the computer then enjoying life. Just imagine how much time you are saving by using the computer."	4	5	9
537	"Dear @CAPS1 I support that computers have a positive effect on people because they have so many things to do and learn on the computer, because on the computer you can look up many things like sports, animal world history and lot more. The reason I support this is because I like to look up history about @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 pioneer who have changed humanity. The @CAPS4 reason why I say computer effect people is because it teaches you how to type faster and know now to get certain places on the computer for example say you mom was asked you do you know how to get to a certain website to buy new furniture. @CAPS6 third reason of how computers effect people is if say one day you had to do a project, on what happen during @CAPS2 revolution and you were one of those people that spend all their time looking up @CAPS2 revolution on the computer. That means that project should be real easy. The @CAPS4 reason why I say computers affect people is because they teache better communicating skills on things like facebook and @CAPS5, because when I'm in school kids tell each other to go on there facebook when they get home. I also think computer affect people because say you have a idol and wan't to look up that person for example I like football, basketball @CAPS6 idols are @PERSON1 peterson and @PERSON2 iverson, so everytime I go on the computer I look up both of @CAPS6 idols. @CAPS6 last reason why I say computers effect people are because they teach how to read because everytime on the computer haves something to read about no matter what it is."	4	4	8
538	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 minute of the day - millions of computer users around the world hop onto their laptops or desktops, but is it always a good thing? The question has been raised if people spending alot of time on computers is a bad thing. Computers are a bad thing because people spend too much time on them and lose quility time with friends and family. The dangers of online interaction, and the risk of having your information stolen. Countless people around the world face these problems everyday and computer usage should be lessened. Whether teens, kids, or adults are gaming, on websites or typing essays people around the world spend way too much time on their computers. For example, of the @PERCENT1 of people who have computers with online access @PERCENT2 of them spend @NUM1 hours a day on them. This is about @NUM2 billion hours of computer usage around the world. Children and adults alike have lost face time or interraction with other human beings face to face. Before computers kids played outside running and playing around. While in present day less than @PERCENT3 of all children get at least one hour of time outside. Computers are not a bad thing, but its is when they are over used they become hurtful to kids health. These facts have not just contributed, but they are almost the cause of obesity in the world. Computer usage needs to be cut down to size if we are to solve these problems. The additon of online chat to computers has not only increased computer usage but doubled it. The invention of @CAPS2, and instant messaging was never meant to be a bad thing, but it sure did turn into one. Online chat allows people to send hatefull and vulgar messages to their enemys without showing their face. In some cases some teens were harrased online so bad they committed suicide. Another bad thing about @CAPS2, or @CAPS3 is that dangerous criminals can hide behind their computers and lure children or teens to a meeting place where they can be kidnapped. @NUM3 out of @NUM4 users of online chat was lured by a criminal to a "" meeting place"" and was kidnapped and never seen against last year. Most of these victims do not return or are found. Although the invention of chat online was meant as quick easy communication it became a horror crime in most cases. Millions even billions of dollars have been stolen by internet hackers. These hackers break the security codes and buy things online using other peoples money. Four out five people admit to having multiple sites with personal information on them and @NUM5 out of those four people have had at least one account hacked. This problem continues to grow and hackers feed off of weak sites. If this problem continues to grow the whole world will be bankrupt. These hackers know who you are, your family, your personal information, and where you live. Internet usage needs to be cut down to sites. If we do not then usage will increase, there will be no chat problems and peoples money will get stolen."	5	5	10
539	"I think that computers have a bad effect on people. I think that because of many reasons and I will tell you some of these reasons. One reason would be not get exercise going on the computer all day, you will only get worse. Say if you were @NUM1 years old and when computers come out you bought one and went on it every day instead of being fit. Then if you have no exersize then you will get bigger and bigger. Another reason if you would only use computers for research I say this because there is no reason to go on your computer all day a good reason to go on the computer would be if you have some kind of project for school or a job instead of just using your computer for facebook or myspace. Then there is some kind of diesese that can happen to your if it does the same thing to many times. Your dont want to do that because if you dont use computer that much and you play some kind of sport like football, baseball, or any other kind of around some place. Also if kind of surgery on it and that will cause you from doing almost everything with that one hand. My last reason go on the computer your viruses connected to it. If you do that then mabe your computer will lost everything on it. Then you have to get a new computer and everything all. If you bought a new computer and you got somebody can hack your computer and get all of the information from it. The information then they like how. And if you dont know person you dont know what they can do. So I hope you dont buy something that has a really bad virus else like that. Those would be all reasons on why you shouldnt go on the computer to much and why it does not really help other then when you are doing research or any other kind of work or job related way."	4	4	8
540	"Dear @CAPS1 Newspaper, @CAPS2 you know what computers are doing to the people of the @LOCATION1? Well I @CAPS2. People are on the @NUM1. We need to @CAPS2 something about these computers. They are preventing people from exercising, going outside, are are just making them stay in there house all day. One reason I think we should get rid of computers is because people aren't getting there exercise. the computer, next to the @LOCATION2, is probably the number one thing that makes people fat. Kids are sometimes on the computer all day eating snacks and junkfood when they should be eating healthy fruits and vegetables. You could. Almost @CAPS2 anything on the computer that you @CAPS2 in your everyday life, that's how good technology is. The computer is the thing that gets people addicted to something. The computer has games, internet, and ways to talk to people that get then attached. A second reason is that computers just keep taking money out of your pocket. When you buy a computer most people just buy the most expensive one, because the salesman talks then into it. Most people don't know what kind of computer they are supposed to buy, so they buy the most expensive one because they think the more, the better. Also just buying the computer isn't all of it. When you download softwares, games, and moble things that all cost money. Downloading one thing can cost up to one hundred dollors. plus, most people can't afford these downloads after buying themselves a pricy computer. My third opinion is that the computer is just a complete waist of time. People spand hours on the computer doing stupid stuff, like playing games and talking to the, when they should all be outside enjoying the fresh air. Going outside is very important to your health. Next time your on the computer doing something that doesn't need to be done, go outside. Think about it, hour often @CAPS2 you go outside? My guess, not much. Now @CAPS2 you know what computers are doing to the people of the @LOCATION1? They are making people fat, not getting there exercise, eating junk food and play games all day long on this stupid piece of technology. Instead of being on the computer all day why don't you think about going air you need. Also you don't want to be waisting all of your hardworked money on a stupid piece of technology. Plus, you don't want to deal with softwares and there viruses. My advice, computers are terrible."	4	4	8
541	"Dear @LOCATION1, minute man, people are complaining. They are complaining about how computers interfer with their family and life. But it teaches adults and kids new things. Being on the computer is an exeperince. You can almost search anything on the computer. You can learn history or about the present time. Like one time I was searching (@CAPS1.com) on how to fix a playstation @NUM1 controller. I found out how to do it and it worked. While you are on the computer you can interact with friends, find out about the weather, and find out if you have any homework. The computer also teaches you how to do different stuff. Like this one time I learned to do a hardflip. Also computer's can help you with your homework. Like if you have science homework and you're trying to figure a word out you can search it. Or if you're looking for a book for @LOCATION2 you can search websites for good books or ask a friend. The computer helps many different people in many different ways. And you know how people say computers are bad. If you have a t.v. for game system its like having a computer, right? But don't go kill your self looking for a cheap one. But I do suggest that everyone should have a computer, they are helpful and fun."	4	4	8
542	"If you ask me, computers are going to soon be a big problem in our lifestyles. Computers are just another material thing everyone has and seems to be benifiting from, but they aren'@CAPS1. This technology is taking away peoples freedom and will and they don'@CAPS1 even notice it. It is pretty clear to me things need to change. To begin, the computer is yet another distraction to our daily lives. I think that it is safe to admit that we don'@CAPS1 need this. Distractions like these keep us from doing the things we need to do, such as excersise. Every wants to get their extra weight off, but they can'@CAPS1 because the want to check website or talk to their friends. So its pretty much a lazy distraction. Would you really want to give up your health beacause of something so materialistic? If we keep clicking, more then @PERCENT1 of the population that are fit and healthy will become obease. I think we need to reform this problem soon. Like not promoting websites on so many @CAPS1.V networks, or have a computer shutdown week, anything that will get people to be outside enjoying life as they should. To continue, have you ever found yourself asking your kids on how to work the computer? Dont you see how sad that is? Our future leaders are already glued to the games, email and instant messaging of the net. Its plain to see they are already spending too much of their time online. This is concerning fact because more and more kids each year turn in less and less in school work because they  have better things to do such as chat with their friends or watch funny video online. Its a scary though because these children are our future leaders. This is a critical point in their lifes. They need to learn about things now so their futures arent hanging by a thread. Instead of making a habit of going online everyday why not make a habit like try to get all your homework done each night? Things in childrens lifes need to change before they pay for it later in life. To sum it up, many things about our lifestyles need to change. Wether it be in schoool work or losing weight. So I think it would be best if we took out, or lessend our computer usage to lower the distraction and more on in life without revolving our world aroud a click."	4	4	8
543	"Dear Newspaper, @ORGANIZATION1 has an essay due on plants for science tomorrow. She was absent @DATE1 and didn't know about it. If she had a computer, she could go on to the website and check, but she doesn't. The town took them away. Another student, @LOCATION1, is working on the same essay. Her handwriting is terrible so her teacher will not be able to score it. What are they to do? Although many some say that computers are not good for society, most know that life without computers would be a disaster. New @CAPS1 is currently thinking about taking away computers in our town. This would be a big problem for everybody involved. One reason is that people need it to get information from search engines like ""google"" and ""yahoo"". They also use the internet for communication like ""facebook"" and ""aim"". Taking away computers would drastically impact every day life. Society computers to get information. I know that whenever I don't know something I just look it up online. If I didn't have this resource, my homework would not be as detailed as it is with the computer. Another example is that public look up information about the world on my computer. When many heard about earthquake in @LOCATION2, they could pull up information within seconds. This led to many bake sales and fund raisers. Lastly, when kids miss their favorite @CAPS2 shows one day, they can just look it up the next day to get caught up. This is a big part of teenager life. Society needs computers in order to look up crucial information. Many people also use the internet for communication purposes. I know that in my family ""e-mail"" is what makes it all work. My mom makes all her plans by email and sometimes even e-mails herself from work to remember things. Without it, our family would not be able to function. Another mode of communication is ""facebook"". Any time my friends and I have a question about anything anything that happened that day. We will ask each other on this website. It is safe and saves all the trouble of calling on the phone. A final example is ""aim"". This is a messaging tool that lets you talk instantly with friends and even see them with ""video-chatting"". My friends and I would not be able to show each others outfits and other items without ""aim"". Teenagers as well as adults need to communicate through computers. In conclusion, society needs computers in order to look up info, as well as talk with friends and co workers. Do not even think about "	5	5	10
544	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 @MONTH1 be true that computers @MONTH1 make people exercise less, enjoy nature less, and spend time with family and friends less but computers do benefit the society in many ways. Computers help students with homework and projects and they help communicate with other people. Besides the telephone, computers do have some bad things about them, too. Students need computers to help them complete homework and class projects. They help students create good presentations and students can use the internet for research. Having computers will help raise a students grades and help them have a more successful life in the future. Parents and kids can communicate long-distance friends and/or relatives and they can talk to co-workers, bosses, teachers of their kids, and with their own children/parents, too. Having computers would create more communication with some people and help keep in touch with family members. Besides all of the good things, computers do have bad qualities, too. They can lead to children seeing inapropriate sites, and maybe even a virus that crashes your computer! Most of the programs to get rid of viruses block children and adults from seeing inapropriate sites (like gambling, pornography, etc). We need a computer that is pre-installed with the best up-to-date virus protection system, that helps protect children, teens, and adults from viruses, inapropriate sites, and cyber-bullies. Having these will make a computer almost perfect! The computers everyone needs should help students learn, keep raising communication between people and be pre-uploaded with programs to protect people from viruses, bad websites, and cyber-bullies. Computers are needed, and without them, our lives would be extremely miserable."	4	4	8
545	"Dear, @LOCATION1 @CAPS1 I think the use of computers are good, here are some reasons why? My first reason is you can find stuff online. My second reason is you can have fun. My last reason is you can make @LOCATION1 friends. I will write @NUM1 paragrahs explaining my reasons. Going back to my introduction my first reason was you can find stuff online. If you can't find a job you can go online and find some. If you want to go to college but you have no time you can take classes online. Those are my details to support my reason. My second reason was the computers are so fun. To me they are fun because when you are bored you can play games. If you are not a game person you can play servays. Or you can find out facts. That how I can back up my second reason. My third reason was you can meet @LOCATION1 people. You can meet @LOCATION1 people be search them up if you are trying to find a old friend. Or there is social networking such as myspace, facebooks, twitter etc which you can meet @LOCATION1 people. Mostly everyone would like to meet @LOCATION1 people. To end this story my @NUM2 reason was yo can find stuff online, my second reason was you can have fun. My last reason was you can meet @LOCATION1 people."	3	4	7
546	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, This leter I am writing to you is about how computers affect people. I am concerned about computers use in our society because people that spend too much time on the computer spend less time outdoors, exercising, and with family and friends. Let me tell you modre about it... As stated in the paragraph above, one reason I am concerned about computer use is that less time is spent outdoors.""Everyone, young or old, should get outside for some fresh air for at least @NUM1 minutes everyday,"" @PERSON2. Using the computer could limit this time, and that probably isn'@CAPS1 healthy being in the house all day. A second reason @CAPS1 worry shout over- usage of computers relates to the first reason. Too much time on the computer limits the amount of exercise you get everyday. ""People should exercise an hour a day to stay healthy,"" ssays health expert @PERSON1,"" however @PERCENT1 of people don'@CAPS1 because of computers."" this happens often especially if you are playing a fun game with many levels. You plan to play for @NUM2 minutes, but the @NUM2 minutes turns into @NUM4 minutes, which @MONTH1 even turn into an hour! I know still @MONTH1 be hard to understand why I'm concerned about using computers, @CAPS2 I have one more reason. My final reason in this letter of why I don'@CAPS1 like over using computers is that it limits the time that can be spent with family and friends. How of you can see your family and friends on the computer using a webcam. But it's not the same as spending quality time. ""Friends come and go and you and your family won'@CAPS1 live forever,"" says therapist @PERSON3"", @CAPS2 motor the best of that you have."" there won'@CAPS1 be many if you eyes are glued to the computer screen. As you can see there reasons why I am concerned about people spending time on the computer. There's less time to exercise enjoy nature and interact with family and friends. I hope you take this into concideration."	4	4	8
547	"Some people believe that computers are a positive effect to people, but its positive because it rots you brain. I think that computer is a waste of time and is an excuse for you to not spend time with you family as to go outside and enjoy nature. This is why computer time should be reduced and family time increased. Absolutley, computers is the type of things that can kill brain cells if you spend to much time on it. Teenagers are the main cause of this and when they get on the computer and get on myspace and facebook they wont be learning anything and just kill major brain cells. When they go to school to take the cmts they are going to fail because they wont know anything because of the computer. Also, This is a big problem for familys because they dont hang out with each other because their always on the computer. The excuse for parents is ""@CAPS1 im on the computer"" then they never go and the children get very upset. This leads to anger problems then they stop listening to you. All it is, is cause and effect. My friends on @NUM1 has anger problems and doesn't listen to anyone all because her family never hung. Consequently, peope spend most of their time inside on the computer, you guessed right! my sister is on the computer @NUM2 and she never goes outside to enjoy the nature. People can get that @LOCATION1 were they haute to go outside and we dont want that do eve. Doctor @CAPS2 brown says everyone should go outside to just relax mostly everyday because staying in the house is not good. The computer is defeating that purpose. On the other hand, the computer is a nifty device and can be very handy at times like if your need perfect directions or need a question answered. Sometimes you just want to talk to old time friends you haven't seen in a while. Computers are good for alot of things but to much of it is not good for us lastly, i'd like to say the computer has great purpose but i think it just makes excuses for us so we dont spend time with our family, dont go outside enough to enjoy the nature."	4	4	8
548	"I do not agree that computers benefits society. There are threes big reason why computers are bad, people are getting to attached and arent spending time with there families. Others are gaining weight because they stay on the computer, and not exercising. Also some people arent getting fresh air not getting out for a walk in a park. Computers are making people shut out their families. When a girl wants to play with her big sister the big sister will just shut out the little sister and continue emailing her friends on the computer. Families need to stick together but when a member of the family from doing a family picnic or other family activities. Computers have addictive games that a person will play and ignore everyone and sometimes a family member can go into depression because he or she is being ignored. Another reason computers are bad is because of health issues. People will get to addicted and be lazy. They will just sit in the computer chair and eat drink bad stuff all day. People would gain weight might ever get dabetes from the weight. If people don't get the exercise they need to stay healthy then they might have heart problems, and many more serious conditions. If your weights gets to extreme then you might not be able to lose weight because your body has gotten tov used to all the weight your heart @MONTH1 not be able to take it. At last but not least people will stop going outside and not go and walk or talk, with friends. People should al least go outside once a day to see nature get air. They should go to the beach relax and relieve all the stress from computer games. Having to much stress is bad for your health you might go into depression. Being on the computer way to much can be bad if you sit in the dark not getting sunlight it can be bad for your eyes. So as you can see there is alot of bad things about computer. Most of the problems or issues all have to do something with someones health. So this is why I think this is bad for the societys benefits. I hope that you will take these reasons to heart. Thank you!"	4	4	8
549	"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 @PERCENT1 in town use the computer for at least five hours each day. The people are spending way too much time and not benefiting. Computers have an effect on people but in a negative way. People get adicted and distracted and can't get work done. Many inappropriate things are written in computers that children and adults shouldn't read. Lastly people stare at a computer screen all day which can cause brain damage. Effects from computers can be very negative and not beneficial at all. With children at school and adults at jobs, there is most likely a lot of work to get done, but computers should make a person not get the work done. The other day in class the teacher was collecting homework, but @NUM1 out of the @NUM2 kids in our class didn't have the homework. When the teacher asked why the kids didn't do their homework, they said that they were on the computer and forgot about the homework. When the children and adults don't get their work done then grades could be dropped, or people could get fired. The effect is very harmful, and all this happened just because of the adiction and distraction of computers. Since some internet sources are very social, and not all people are kind, mean and inappropriate articles and language could be read. Many children don't know a lot of bad words and certainly no one wants them to be exposed to learning more, so why let them go on the computer and read about these bad things? Adults @MONTH1 know more about the harmful language, but why influence them to write the bad things or comment using mean tones. If adults and children aren't exposed to these bad uses of language then our world could easily be made up of better and kinder people. Studies show that if a person stares at a computer screen for at least three hours a day, then in about two weeks time the person brain could be damaged. The screen of the computer in some way with the human brain and if stared at for too long the screen could permenately damage the brain. A @ORGANIZATION1 student, who studies computer mechanics, quoted, ""@CAPS2 help prevent brain damage by limiting the use of computers to only what needs to be done. The mechanics to make the computer screen are not healthy for you!"" Who wants to have a damaged brain? Surely this effect could be very serious. So, in the end people should know that computers are not benefiticial. Computers effect people for sure, but not in a way that people would want to be effected. Adiction and distraction from the computer could cause important work to be ignored. Children and adults do not need to learn or be influenced by inappropriate language on the computer. Brain damage could be a serious problem that could be caused by something as simple as looking at a computer screen. @CAPS2 try to prevent all these negative effects by limiting the use of your computer. It is very easy to stay clear of any negative effects but it is your choice whether to do so or not."	5	4	9
550	"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2 opion in thig is that, computer are used all the time. People use them to talk to friends and family online. People also use computers for home work online. And the last rason I say computer are used is just for fun stuff game you can play. I use the computer to look how @CAPS2 teams are doing. Now on to more about why. Computers are good for society, because people use computers to talk to friends and family on @CAPS3, @CAPS4 and @CAPS5. This is a good reson becuase we all have family. So I think that this is a good way to talk to them. An for friends this is a good way because if they move you can talk to them on this. The reson it a bad thing is because people like older men can use the computer for child pornarapy and talk to younger girls about sex and thats not right. Now on to more about using computer for homework. The reson computers are good to us is because people can use there computers for homework. This is good because if you need to do something on our history then that what thats good for this is good because everything you need is on a computer. Now on to more about how computer are good to society. @CAPS2 @CAPS8 reson is because computer are good for fun stuff. Computer can have every game you want they have kid games, @CAPS2 @NUM1 year old sister goes on to the games that you can match. Teenagers can play games on the computer. The compter for me is cool because I can see how @CAPS2 football team is doing. Ho @CAPS2 @CAPS7 are doing. This is why the computer are good. These are @CAPS2 opion on this is that compter are used all the time peopl use them to talk to frend and family online. Peope also use computer for homework. Finally last and @CAPS8 reson is because you can use it for fun games for kids. An I can check how @CAPS2 teams are doing. "	4	4	8
551	"Dear The @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 I can see both sides of your argument, on wether computers are important. However, computers have revelotivizied they way we live our lives. Just for a moment, think what would the world be like without computers. I feel the computers one or important aspect of our lives. Computers are espicially important to students and teachers. For instance if a student needed to do a report on @LOCATION1, he could look up facts and other things on @LOCATION1, then he could condence the facts into a paragraph on a word document, and if he had a question he could email his teachers. Finaly he, could print out the finished report. All that, without having to get up and bother his parrents to go to the bookstore and pay @NUM1 on a book that he will probably read one time. Also if he had a question there would be no comunication outside of school. Anothe example of students using computers is online textbooks, which spares them of logging heavy texbooks home. Because I know computers have helped me in school and more work much easier. Secondly, @PERCENT1 of busnesses say that they use computer daily, and some agree that without computer, their busnesses would fail. Computer make busnes much easier, espically with the busness monoging and file keeping programs that are oidible. On a computer, busnesses can store customer information, comppare income, and keep stock of inventary without having a cluttered pile or file cobinet. Computers can also saave buseness money because that con cut out jobs such as record keeper. Also busnesses con save time of having meeting via web cams instead of having people drive from state to state for one meeting then do it next monet and the month after; and they coud emall impertant things such as sales projections and other things as well. Computers are also important and helpful in the home. People can do grocery shopping from the home they can order pizza online and they can go shopping online. Also, people can pay their bills online which saves paper. Lets say this, a moter, has a child! who is sick and she wants to know the to heal him, what to feel him, and what medicine to give hime. She can look all this up on the computer and bookmail the websites for next time. Then her other child comes provide, and she wants to find a health snork. She can feed him which she ca do online. Next she ways to make chicken fried rice,out she wnet know how, she can look up the recipe online. Finaly after dinner she need to cleen a stain on the carpet but it wont come out so she buys a carpet cleener from the web. Computers have just moderthy mothers day so much easier. Without computers our lives would be much harder. If we didnt have computers if the person who a report on @LOCATION1 would have failed, the sick child would have not, the hungry child would have been fed unhealthy food, and @MONTH1 would fail. coputers are an important afect of our lives."	4	5	9
552	"Dear @LOCATION1 @CAPS1, after reading your article about advances in technology, I would like to offer my opinion about this contraversal subject. All around the world, people are using computers to do all sorts of things; weather its for games, the buying and selling of items, talking with people in different countries; the possibilites are endless. This is, however, not nessessarally a good thing. Many people become addicted to computers. Esspecialy adolesents, who enjoy the games that computers offer. From personal experience being addicted to computers, I can honestly say that I was under almost complete control by that computer. My grades started to go down, I stopped interacting with my friends and family, and trouble on things. Many parents watch their children go through this and are sometimes helpless to stop it. This poses a large problem for parents. My word of advice; don't let your children become addicted!"	3	3	6
553	"Dear editor of @LOCATION2 @CAPS1, @LOCATION3's society is being ruined, ruined by computers of course. They are so time consuming that I am afraid they are causing more people to be obease in @LOCATION3. People are afraid that they are limiting themselves from interacting @CAPS2 to @CAPS2, and spending time enjoying nature. I feel the exact same way and someone should put a stop to this! An average american goes on a computer for about @NUM1 hours a day. With going to work or school, and sleeping, that way leaves a litle @NUM2 to go out and explore nature. Our national parks @NUM3's have been decreasing in their numbers of customers at a fast rate. I visited yellow stone last week to find out if as many people have been goind. The man who works at the entrance was saying that ""since the start of @DATE1 alone about @PERCENT1 less people have been to @LOCATION1,"" I believe that the reason for that is because of computers. They limit people from goind to parks or to zoo's, by consuming the public time with all of the ""new fashion"" or the newest game on miniclip.com. Also, I believe that the public is spending so much time on computers that they are not able to go out and exersize. With the newest ""sims game,"" how are kick supposed to stay fit and healthy? I did a study on how many hour kids spend on thier computer and out of the people who said more than @NUM4 minutes. @PERCENT2 of them could legally considered obease. Is that now we want our next gerneration to be out next president and lawyers, and doctors? @CAPS8, we want them to live life to the @CAPS4 by taking care of themselves by exersizing. Computers are getting kids so consumed that is not ok. Lastly, with computers, families and friends don't really talk to each another @CAPS2 to @CAPS2, or interact with each other at all i mean sure, parents come home to thier child on the computer and give them a kiss on the head. But is that enough? I do not believe it is. I asked a friend of mine's child about how much he interacts with his family and friends? @CAPS2 to @CAPS2 he said that well since he got his new ""@CAPS5 @CAPS6 with a @NUM5 gig hardrive"", he hadn't been talking to them a whole @CAPS2 to @CAPS2. However, everyday we went on ""chat"" ""for a good @NUM6 hours"", to talk to his friends. And only occasionally would he get an @CAPS7-mail or two from his asking how his days was. I do not believe that that is good in order to have good friends and a strong family life. That is what @LOCATION3 has come down to computers. They limit you from interacting to friends and family, give you less time to exersize and limit you from going out and exploring nature. Who knows, maybe at this time in @NUM7 years, @LOCATION3 will be run by computer. Do we want that, @CAPS8! so lets put a stop to it now. Thank you very much!"	6	5	11
554	"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, I believe computers and excelling technology benefits society because it can help with hand eye coordination, it will be an easy way to learn about faraway places and cultures, and your able to save and use your time more wisely. First of all every person needs hand-eye coordination, if you didn't you would either thore a ball in the comlplete other direction or you'll get hit in the face with it. Computers benefit childrens education too, they can help you discover and learn about far away places. For example if a student is studying @PERSON3 @LOCATION1 in their @CAPS2 @CAPS3 class, @PERSON1 in @CAPS4 class or maybe @PERSON2 in music class, instead of pulling out the old, dustty biography book it would be easier to look them up on a search engine. Lastly the computer benefits everyday working or stay at home parents because if you have to get in contact with a cetain person or business quickly you don't have to take the chance of having to go look in the phone book and the person or business isn't in it, just go to to @NUM1.com type in a last name or business name, so your all set. Also if your child is being a nuisance screaming and running around the house you can just set them up with an educational game so you can get your house-hold chores finished. Those are three of the most important reasons why I think computers benefit society. They are hand-eye coordination, learning techniques and saving everyday people time."	4	3	7
555	"Dear The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, Computers are a great piece of technology. Computers are great for many reasons. Three of these reasons are pleasure, convienience, and education. I believe that these three reasons are the main reason we use computers today. One reason we use computers is for pleasure. On certain websites, you can talk to friends, see what your friends are doing, you can even video chat with them. Also, you can watch movies, @CAPS4 episodes, and videos. In addition, you can listen to music, play games, and check sports scores. I strongly beleive that pleasure is one of the main reasons we use computers today. Another reason why we use computers is convienience. Most people in @LOCATION1 have a computer in their home. Computers are convienient because you pay bills on the internet. You email co-workers about jobs. In addition, computers can help people create websites so their their buisness is more noticeable. As you can see, computers are a very convienient piece of technology. The final reason why we use computers is education. On a computer, you can learn just about anything. You can learn about @CAPS5 history, sports, you can learn about current events in the world. Computers can help you study, take notes, and helps do your homework. When I have a project, I always use the computer to find important information about the topic. As you can see, education is the most important reason why we use computers. Now, I think you understand how computers are important in @LOCATION1's education, pleasure and convienience. I hope you listened to my opinion on computers and I also hope you continue to tell people how great and important computers are."	4	4	8
556	"Computers today are much different from computers back then. They help you with projects or homework but many experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers. I think that computers help people in many ways, like teaching a hand-eye coordination. They're useful because people can talk to friends and family members that they haven't seen in a long time and computer skills are required in the real world. Hand-eye coordination is very important and using a computer can help people build up the coordination. This helps because if one has to type a @NUM1-page report, then one who has good hand-eye coordination, or typing skills, ""can finish a report in @NUM2 minutes or so. If one has poor hand-eye coordination, well that @NUM2 minute report will take about a few hours. No one likes to be sitting infront of a computer for a few hours. Everyone has friends and best friends that they talk to every day, But what happens if that friend moves out-of-town, out-of-state or possibility out-of-country? They might be forgotten or never seen from again. Well, thanks to technology and the advancement of computers, people can chat online on @CAPS1, @ORGANIZATION1 instant messaging, myspace or facebook. They can catch upon things, check out what's new, even see posted pictures of them. The same thing can be applied to family members who have moved away. Who wouldn't want to talk to friends or family that haven't been heard from? Lastly, having computer skills is very, very, very important in the real world. Skilled people who have a good knowledge of the computer world can get great jobs like a computer programer for the state, or they can create websites for their own jobs. Other jobs people with computer experience can have would be an editor of movies or @CAPS2 shows. That's big money there. No wonder schools have computer classes. It's to get students to have a good background of the computer. Computers are not that bad. They teach hand-eye coordination, lets people talk to other people online and can get people great jobs. Many educated people would agree that computers doesn't have a positive effect on people."	4	5	9
557	"To @CAPS1 @CAPS6 @MONTH1 concern: @CAPS2 I have been informed that you had the idea that more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits the society. I strongly disagree, I think that computers have a positive effect on people. Having computers teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about @CAPS3 and faraway places and even allow people to talk online with friends or family. Don't you want your children to grow up with great hand-eye coordinatio? More than @PERCENT1 parents voted yes. As shown in many statistics, adults and children that use the computer for an hour or more a day have better hand-eye coordination than a normal adult or child that only uses @CAPS6 once a week. By using the computer for more than one hour a day your typing becomes quicker and your reactions increase. Not only does typing quicker effect your computer techniques but @CAPS6 also helps you outside of your home like in sports. For exsample, if you play the sport baseball, the speed of your pitch will increase over @PERCENT2 if you use the computer for over a hour a day! If your a batter your racation to the pitch will also increase by over @PERCENT2! Just by using computer. Is time running out for your @CAPS3 project to be do? Without computers, you wouldn't get the information you need quick enough. Dr. @DR1 from @ORGANIZATION1 state ""You can get the same information on people other countries, and @CAPS3 from the computer as you can . By using the computer you get the as a book and easy. In addition, you have to buy books to get their information unlike computers where they dont you look up the you and in expensive, dont settle for less get the best! Over @PERCENT3 of @CAPS4 have old friends of family out of the state that they would still like to keep in touch with. By having a computer you can chat with them through your webcam! Instead of calling them up or sending them an email you could chat with them and still see them in the flesh! Several computer owners say, ""@CAPS5 like your actually hanging out with them!"" @CAPS6 takes over @NUM1 days at least to recieve a letter back or an email from them if they live faraway with computers @CAPS5 instant ! Wouldn't you like to talk to friends and family every day instead of waiting around for a call, email, or letter? I think yes. All in all , having computers is a great investment. I would also like to point out that without computers you wouldn't beable to talk with friends/family online, get better hand-eye cordination, or even have the ability to learn about @CAPS3 in just a click of a button! Isn't this what you want? "	4	5	9
558	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @NUM1 out of @NUM2 of the students and staff members of @CAPS3 @CAPS4 school find computers verry important. Computers not only help people in school but at home too. I know that the readers of this artical will agree that computers are verry helpful, they teach us about people and things far away, and they are great for chating online! Most people use compoters every day! Computers are verry helpful tools in every day life. They always have a program that if you spell something wrong it corrects you. Computers even have websites of a dictionary were people can look up words. I know this is verry helpful because my brother is writing his collige essays and their are no colliges that will be impressed by a gramaticly incorrect essay. Computers also help you find things you need really fast, like food restrants and the closest malls, or even jobs! Not only do computers help people with spelling and jobs but they also can teach us about far away places. Computers can show and tell us of wonderful places beond what we have scean. A lot of normal societys familys have been on vacation before. To find an intriging place to go they can look it up on the world wide web. Even if a family cant go on a vacation they can still find from their computer cheeper closer things to do. When computers are beig used to find places and thing across the world and near you is they can also give teens the oppritunity to chat with their friends online. A lot of students in @CAPS3 hallow school have a facebook account. Most use this account to talk to their friends online. I also have a facebook and I use it almost everyday to talk to my cousin from @LOCATION1 that I havent scean sence I was @NUM3. But, computers arent just used for fun chating they can also be used for school blogs. In my language arts class we have a reading blog that every student has to participate in. This blog allows the class to not wast class time to talk about recently read books. In conclusion computers should be taken seriosly because they do help society. Computers help us every day, they teach us and they can be verry fun and eductional. Remember what @PERSON1 from the department of tecnolgey at @ORGANIZATION1 said, ""@CAPS5 can only get better if socitey accepts it."""	5	4	9
559	"Computers have little to no effect on people. In fact computers help us out a lot. They help us in find @CAPS1, medical, research and to tell weather or not you have cancer. The computers that people think of are machines that sit in a room and is used often but not for its purpose. People use it sometimes for entertainment not research. There aren't just those kind of computers. There are bigger more advanced computers that scientist use every day. @CAPS2 computers do have an effect on us, but in a good way. Most of the time those people playing games or music are kids who are bopard. They use it a little too often. I anly play with it on rainy days when I can't go outside and play. Humans use computers mainly because it makes life simpler, easier. @CAPS2, it does make life simpler, like for example instead of handwriting a report, you can type it or intead of searching everywhere in a book, you can go straight to the information. One last example is; when you want to stay updated on your favorite sport team, you don't have to go to their game you just have to go to their web site. In my opinion I say that @CAPS2, computers do have and effect on us but a good reason. I'm a sports fan so I play a lot of sports. I use the computer offer for fun and research. It dosen't have an effect on me. It dosen't effect at all because I still exercise a play with my friends very often, like everyday. There is no reason to why people can't use computers quite often. Computers don't have a positive effect sometime, but it doesn't have a negitive effect sometime either. I exercise, enjoy nature and interact with friends and family too. I also use the computer often. Experts shouldn't be concerned with people using computers too much."	4	4	8
560	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I am writing to you about how technology affects people. My argument is that some people think that Computers are taking to much of people time, I will tell you how technology keeps people from excersizeing and gaining life expieriences. Now I will explain in further details. My first reason for sayi-ng computers affect people is that they cant get excersize when there face is glued to a computer screen all day. And especially with the amount of kids palying video games or playing on the computer, the childhood obeasity rate will slowly rise due to them not getting excersize or they will just get very weak. That is why computers have a negative affect on people by not letting them get the excersize they need. My seconed reason for saying computers have a negative affect on people is that they won't be able to gain life experience I say this because when something asks you ""@CAPS3, what did you do today?"" youre only answer could be ""@CAPS4, can we chande the question to what did I not do today?"" @CAPS5 when your on the computer all day you wont be able to explore and obseve nature well maybe you could do that on a @CAPS6 server but it isnt the same. And even when parent ask if you want to go for a walk you should do it, You could learn somthing or see somthing you wouldn't be able to see on a daily basis. That is why computers have a negative affect on people when their face is glued to a computer. So now I am going to close this letter and I hope you see that excersize and gaining life experiences will change your life forever."	4	3	7
561	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 several reasons on way I that advances in technology are harmful to our socitey is because it opens doors to strangers on the outside world. Its also takes you away from family and friends. Lastly it also takes you away from enjoying life outside of the internet. One of my severl reasons on way I feel advanced technology is harmful to our socitey is because it opens doors to strangers @CAPS2 teens, adult's and etc. The probem with this is that you never really know whos on the other side of that door, that chat room people can miss guide you into thinking there someone who there not. @CAPS2 example theres a show called dateline. This show is about how young teens put there selev's online and grown or young men click on a picture of you and that opens up a chat line or as I say opening a door, you dont know who's on the other side of that door. So these men online makes these teens trust them and make them feel safe if they are a friend you ""hey can I come over sometime?"" you this young teen thinking thats your friend says yea sure. Dont forget you dont see his picture so he come's over and most of three men are looking @CAPS2 a quick fix. If you know what I mean. This is what go's on during dateline t.v show just imarge how many other kids or teens are out there doing the same thing the difference is they dont get caught. Secondly on why is harmful to our socitey is because it takes you away from your family and friends. It takes you away from your kid's family because that will start to fill as if you love that computer more then them. It take you away friends because they might say hey let's go out to the mall or @CAPS2 a drink youll probably say check up on somethings online. This will one move slowly away from you, all over a computer you will start to lose the people most important to you. My last reason on why you can harm society with teconogly is because it takes you away from living your own life and doing thing's you wanna do like online is a bunch of stuff that everybody else say's is cool. Do what you think and feel is cool. @CAPS2 example if someone posted something saying @NUM1 guys lodon is so cool you gotta go there but youve always wanted to go to @LOCATION1, @CAPS3 thing is that you do get to have enough air outside like your skin will get pail and icky and this is why I feel that way. In covlsion all though some people might think that advanced tencogly is good well cleary there not because they open doors to danger, take you away from friends and family. Also it takes you away from what life has to offer."	4	4	8
562	"Dear local Newspaper I ting that computers are good because u get to learn about other people like famous people that deid a long time ago. Computers are good because u get to learn about other places like @LOCATION2, @LOCATION1, texas. Learning about other places is fun. Having a computer is good because u get to serf the web you could play games, see and alot of other times you will like. You could talk to frends from far. Talking from mySpace or yahoo and other website that you could talk to tiferent people that you met trew the wed."	2	3	5
563	"Dear @PERSON1, @CAPS1 these days are telling kids to go outside instead of vegging out in front of a computer. Computers can but promote bad habits. I try not to use the computer unless I have too for school or to get homework. Please consider the negative effects which are exercising in apropprate content and less interaction with friends/family. Yes internets can be used to find diets and exercise plans but if you would just go to the gym to burn of those pounds everything would be just fine! Internet and computers are designed to suck in your brain, and attack you to all the websites and neat little things. It is more effective just to go to a local @ORGANIZATION2 or @ORGANIZATION1 to work out. I swim on a swim team for a @ORGANIZATION2. I love swimming better than going on the computer. It satisfies my personal needs of exercising. I lost @NUM1 pounds by just swimming for a month. I will run on the tred mill to help me burn of stress or anger. Gyms are way better than computers. I know most of us have seen something inapropprate on the computer. Yes computers give people jobs but there is no need to post pictures or messages that will hurt peoples feelings. I know the other day I saw a really mean comment that made me feel bad for the victim. I know youtube is trying to stop inappropriate content, so hurray for them. Once you give something to the internet it is lost forever. Yes computers have ways to keep in touch with friends but it is better to @CAPS3 or visit in person. Like my @CAPS2 always said,"" @CAPS3 more, it builds character!"" @CAPS4 ever I get the chance I @CAPS3 my best buddies instead of using the computer. Kids theses days can be mean with out try. You disconnect yourself from your family. Because computers attrack users, there are times where you don't pay attention to others around you. @PERCENT1 of kids donot do there home work because of computers. Thank you for your time. I think computers are bad and everyone would be happy with out them. They help the obesity level in the nation, let cyber bullying and inappronrate content flow around the internet and lastly block you out from the world. ( @CAPS5.S someday computers are going to take over the world and you will be sorry you didn't listen to me.)"	5	4	9
564	My experience with commputer's is good because I can play games or do my homework. I can install my own music on my commputer and do my homework at the same time. I can also go on the internet with commputer's. On commputer's I can also do things quicker and easyer. I can also get more things done faster by getting the internet and going on it because I can do reaserch and copie and past stuff off the internet. I now have a labtop and it is preaty much portble commputer. On my labtop and it is preaty much poratble commputer. On my labtop I can make data tables and graph's and write papers and use dial up connection. Dial up connection is what I can use to get free internet by putting a presons phone number in the place were the phone number goes the labtop will call up the motem if the phone line is connected to the motem. On my labtop I also have a place to put a floppy disc in and a place for a @CAPS1-@CAPS2 to go in to. I also have a calculator on my labtop. some labtop's also have a mouse that looks like a little pad like mine dose. As you can see commputer's and labtop's are realy good to own.	3	3	6
565	"Computers are a nice item to have but they are bad if you don't know how to control your time. Many people @CAPS3 days don’t get enough exercise and the lack of healthy people is costing the @CAPS1 tax payers millions. Also, people aren't enjoying life as much as they would if they didn't use a computers all of the time and thier are many people who have completely cut themselves off frfom their families and friends. I am positive that when you are done reading this you will be, one hundred percent pursuaded that the effects computers have on people are bad. To begin with, many people spend to much time on a computer instead of being outside or execising. This effect on people is something we need to start controlling because many people are very overweight and do not exercise enough to be healthy. Because so many are at an weight it is costing tax payers millions. For example, @CAPS2 @PERSON1 talking about healthcare, and anc easy sollution to cut the cost down is to have people exercise. More ofen in order to stay healthy. As technology to affect our lives, we used to remember that being healthy is more important than sitting on a computer all day. In addition to people not people dont enjoy life as much, You only live once and life is special, so why sitting all day? I many anymore because they spend all of there @CAPS3 are so many things to do in life that will bring you enjoyment than playing on the a computers. need to be and I can tell you that you life will not being you in enjoyable luife. Lastly, computers have made a lot of people when people got to Too many people a major view when it comes to family and friends. Although computers are an easy way to communicate to people, they should not be the anly thing you use to talk to friends and family. So as you can see, computers are causing us to lead on-healthy lives because our priorities on health are why to low. They also keep you from enjoying life, to the fullest and can separate you from friends and family when not controlled. I am positive that I have pursuaded you not to spend so much time on a computer. So next time you are using a computers, think of all the things you are missing out in life!"	4	5	9
566	"Dear the daily newspaper crew, I have seen some of your own disagree about using computers. I for one believe that using a comenter really isn't that bad. For example, the computer is actually good for education. Many use them to create @NUM1 images of things for schoolprojects or science fair projects. I use these machines to play video games on to cure my boredum like most young teens and children do. Unlike most people I dont stay on it forever. I usually play for a couple hours. There are some downsides to having computer in the house. For one the machines use up load of energy in the house making the electric bill rise and @DATE1. On some websites there are people who try to be a stalker like the website my space and twitter but on the bright side these who try to be a stalker usually instantly get caught and put in jail. Computers actually have a positive effect on the mind and movements. For example children who have computers learn how to fly a kite or for themselves with their parents watching and they learn hand-eye. Many children who play sports that have computers actually manage to catch a ball faster than usual. So you see computers are not that bad. So please think of what will happen to children if computers are banned."	3	4	7
567	"I agree that we shold have computers, because more and more people use computers. Long time ago we don't even have computers, but now we do. Now we have computers we should use it. If we don’t use computers why we even have computers? Computers can help you to learn faraway places like @LOCATION2, @LOCATION1, @PERSON1, and other faraway places. If we don't know what is going on faraway places then we don't know what kind flag they have and what do they eat, what do they have, are what they do, and what do they speak. You can even talking online with your friends on computer! You dont have to call you friend, you can just talk to you frien on online, if you need help with your homework are you left your math text book at school you frient can tell you the questions by talking online. If your friend is in @LOCATION2 are other faraway places your friend can bring there computer with him or her so your friend can just talking to you by talking online, you dont have to call your friend in @LOCATION2 or other places. You can also learn how to type, when you know how to type you can type faster and faster. You can type storys, poem, and notes are something you have to do at school, so you don't have to write on a pace of peaper you can just type on computer. That is why we should have computers and use more. I hope you agree with me."	3	3	6
568	"Dear @PERSON2, Have you ever noticed how different our society is today, even from just ten years ago? That's because of computers. Yes, it is true that computer give us advantages like messaging and information, but they also take away from some of the greater aspects of life: staying fit, enjoying nature, and spending time with family and friends. Without those, life would be horribly unbeneficial. While surfing the web @MONTH1 be fun, it has been proven unhealthy. ""if a person was to spend more than two and a half hours on the computer every @TIME1 for about a month they would see a sudden increase in their gain. And if they kept the behavior up, they could gain up to one third their initial body weight until medical help was provided,"" say @PERSON3, a specialist in obesity at @ORGANIZATION1. Also, @PERCENT1 of all computer users snack while online, which only increases weight gain even more. Unfortunately those that spend alot of time on the computer are not usually okay with exercising either. Instead of outing down just a half an hour out of their computer time to play with the dog, take a jog, or try some aerobics, computer lovers usually just stay in front of the screen. That's too bad, because it causes health problems for them and maybe even the generations after them. Nature, is being ignored @CAPS1, more than ever. @PERSON1 can recall the time when the trails @CAPS2 runs were overrun with people. ""@CAPS1"" @CAPS2 says ""They're being overrun with woods and. Those are harder to act rid of that people."" But it's live, the trails and that to be fuller nature lovers are numbers. Because of today's new technologies, especially computers, the beauty of nature is being almost completely passed by. Some worry if it will fade entirely and instead of trying to maintain what's left, well just let it do so. Hopefully though, the next generation of people will reconize this horrible mistakes. Doctors, @CAPS3, all people alike are seeing more and more how computers affect family life. How often do you eat dinner with the whole family. When you don't, where are you most of the time? At the computer? That's what I thought. When computers and other technologies are available there is much less of a chance that you will actually interact with family and friends. mrs @PERSON4, an @NUM1 grade teacher in @LOCATION1, noticed that her family spent less time together than ever before when each family member got a laptop. @CAPS2 believes this is pulling her family apart. Do you? As you can conclude, computers have an awful influence, on society: people do not take, the time to stay fit, nature is being completely ignored, and Family interaction rates are poor. Whaat can we do to fix this problem? Just set a little time aside daily to observe these aspects of life. This way, life with computers will be beneficial after all."	5	6	11
569	"Can you imagine a world full of lifeless zombies obsessing over technology such as computers, television, and cellular phones? Our world as we know it will come to an abrubt end if we don't stop this nonsense. Computers can cause obesity, a lack of interactment, and they waste their time on these useless items. Our world can't set aside time for such. Our planet is run by us humans and if we don't take care for its necessities, we will all die including our beloved planet @LOCATION1. Computers aren't a benefit to our society today. First off, computers can cause major obesity like it has done already. Obesity is one of the most brought up health problems in the world. Many issues cause obesity but technology (computers) take a big role in it. Instead of sitting on a computer all day, they can do something a lot more productive such as taking a walk starting a club (adult once children!), help out neighbors ect. So what if they teach hand eye cordination they don't teach us how to stay fit! Computers play a big role in the obesity factor. As adults, you should know how much obesity matters. Children are the future nobody would want the future leaders to be known for the widespread obesity. Never theless, computers take away ""bonding"" time from family and friends. Adults and children alike are lacking social needs. They don't verbally and physically interact ith their ""online friends"". And they wonder why families these days are turning out the way they are the source of the cause is computers. Anyways, people spend too much time on computers if people didn't waste so much time on computers they wouldn't be losing jobs like dropping flies. The unemployment rate is high because they suppose they ""don't have enough time"". When all their time is devoted to To computers if they took out the computers in their lives, they would have @CAPS1 of time to do such. No one wants a ""stay at home"" unemployed loser as themselves. In the end, computers are not a benefit to our poorly run society. They cause obesity, corrupt social needs and eat the people's time away, you @MONTH1 think computers allow others to ""chat"" online with their ""online friends"" but they don't provide our physical and verbal social needs which results in a low self esteem. If newspapers keep publishing articles about the ""benefits of computers."" people will soon stop believing that non sense and eventually stop purchasing these newspapers. Nobody wants to read lies, do they?"	4	5	9
570	"Dear Readers, I believe that Computers do good in our country and have a positive affect too people. This is because it saves paper sending emails and you save money too, also you can learn new things about different countrys like @LOCATION1, and lastly you can iteract with people you know and talk to them and use technowlogy to your advantage. These are a few reasons why computers have positive affect on society and the wayore live. First off computers help save the environment and they do this by leting us not cut down trees and make paper out of them. Do you know how many trees are cut down a day around @NUM1 trees and they are all not imeditly taken to the mills to be turned into paper. But thet stopin piles at loging sites and are leftrotting there not be my put to good work or what they should be. I feel that trees have feelings like us but can't talk with out a mouth. So when you cut down a tree its like robing. Using computers we save trees and stop all that from happening. She one reason why think computers are a positive impact on love and society. Secondly learning you can learn a lot on a computer all you have to do is look for it. I learn many things each day at school because of the help of computers and I feel that is computers are use it can excellour learning and @MONTH1 been a lot more in a lot shorter time then we would have my to find a book or the subject what youre looking for. Computers have made things a lot impact on children but we all new things I when we use computers. So computers are a good thing and a bad thing. Finaly you can talk and interact with friends. techknowlogy has advanced so much that we don't see the world in prospective like take a cell phone for example what do you see mostly likly a phone. But if you open it up what to do you find? You will find a micro computer thats capable of surfing inter playing music just smaller size then before. computers revolutronized the way we look at the world and techknowlogy we can talk and play games usiing this techknowlogy most of what we see every day used with techknowlogy hike, a game station or even a car rardo. adn all of it is used to help using ract with one on toher. So I veiw techknowlygy a so good thing. In conclusion techknowlogy has a positive and negative impact by more positive than negative influence. Techknowlogy help us in our everyday lives and helps save the environment by letting us talk and save paper just by button. Techknowlogy has revolunoized the wat mankind lives and how they veiw society but it us all a good thing in the end. And so I concluded that techknowlogy/computers have a positive and negative impact on socuoty."	4	4	8
571	"My opinion about the effects of computers is that computers do help you but people should not us the computer to lot because people should exercise, interacting with family and enjoy nature. Exercising is more important than a computers because it will make you health, you will not be sick so much. Interacting with family is more important than a computers because the @MONTH1 help you have friend but not a family's help you when you help and maybe that friend in the computer is maybe not real that is why it is important to interacting with family. And the last thing that is more important than a computers is enjoying nature. It is fun because you are not bored. You be outside, you will not think about the computer because you will be enjoying so much. My opinion is that computers should only be us to see your mail or to learn something you want to find out in the computer."	3	3	6
572	Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 i think it it good and bad. The good is it teaches people about @CAPS1 places and how other people live in there soicty what they do to get food or how they raise there kids. It also help people like cops. Because the have a person there looking for they have the computer to look on. It also help cops as in a speeder they can see it her or she have done it befor. It helps teaches to get a lesson or line to teach or they will put you on line to help you with your typeing. Yes it dose have a positive effect on some people. So people think they do a lot better around the computer or they do there best work online. Like say a high school paper. Yes you can talk to other people online get @CAPS1 friends. On the other hand computers can be bad as in you meet people online you don't know who that person is or where they come from. They might have a long crimal. They might be some on want to get you in troble because of his or her family problems. Some people spend to much time on the computer because they meet some one they rally like and don't worry about what the family want to do. So people use to work out every day but now they can talk to they friend all night and all day they stop and forget about it and never start agine. Some people just stay in the and stay on the computer got playing baceball or football or going to family reunions.	3	4	7
573	"Dear reader, @ORGANIZATION1 has had a dramatic effect on human life. It has changed the way we do almost everything today. The most well know, is the computer. This device has allowed people do buy things online, talk to people online, and also provides entertainment for some people. All good qualities that make everyones lives easier. Imagine you look into your refrigerator and you notice it's almost empty. Someone is using the car and you need to go grocery shopping and the store is too far. What do you do? Well you could go on a computer and look for food online. Ther are many great deals and some companies even deliver for free! The amazing and easy way to buy food without leaving your house. But food isn't all you can purchase. Many products are sold through the computer. Need new toys for kids? Or how about a new hat for your friend? Maybe even more curtains for your room? Well at the easy access of internet on a computer, you can buy all those items and more. The computer has also the way of communication. Let's say someone wants to talk to a friend or relative that lives far away in another country. @CAPS1 someone dosen't own a phone or @CAPS1 they can't make the call, all these is to be in you on the computer. You can communicate with anyone just by using your email adress. Now friends and families can talk to each other over the ease of the computer. Just type to want to say and ""boom,"" instant, on the chat. Let's face it. No matter what a child or even teenager . But now with a computer all that can change. With just one click you could actually be watching a movie from the comfort of your own home. But what @CAPS1 you don't want a movie? No entertainment like listing to musics, watching fun, and probable the most popular playing games. Everyone loves to play a game every once in a while, and with the selection of thousands of online games, these isn't or person who can't fled atleast our game enjoyable. There are even games for educational fun that many kids love. With all the entertainment a computer can produce; who could hate it? All in all the computer is a revolutinizing device that has changes the way we shop, communicate, and find exciting entertainment. To be able to do so much with just a couple clicks; new that I find extravagant. It blows my mind to see and think, ""@CAPS1 we can do this now, I wonder what we can accomplish in the future."	4	5	9
574	"Dear @CAPS1 Local newspaper, I heard that you were concerd about people and how they use the computer to much. I think that computers are a good thing to have because many people use computers for school, work ect. I think that computers are good use, many people use it for research and resources. It is easier to use them, when you are going on vaction because you can check out how much hotels are, where resteraunts are, and what interesting places are there, instead of calling/driving around. Computers are good for school because I think books are harder/longer to use than computers. Also for questions you can go to one of the websites an you ask the question and many other people might answer the question your looking for. There also useful for work most people use computers for work. They can put there taxes/documents on there computers. Computers can be used just for fun too. There are chat; facebook games. I think that computers are useful for many things, but I also think that some people spend too much time on them too. Computers are great, but you should also use other things too like maps, book, ect. Many can spend @NUM1 hours on the computer facebooking and gaming. I think that it's important for people to go outside and hang out with friends. Alot of people spend there time on the computer during @DATE1 because its cold and sometimes snowing. I don't think that they should spend there whole time on the computer though because you dont just want to depend on electrictronics everytime. I think that computers should be used not alot in the @DATE2 because I think hanging out with friends and family are important and also the weather nice. I think that computers can be very useful with directions, work, school work but you shouldn't spend alot of time on them. Electronics arent everything in life. Thank you for taking your time reading this and I hope you do agree with me."	4	4	8
575	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I am a student at @ORGANIZATION3 middle school in @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6 recently you produced an article about computers where good or bad people I write today to say that computers are beneficial to people everywhere. This is true because computers help people with things hand eye coordination to learning advances to our schools finally it helps people communicate with ease, @CAPS7 plase consider the following. First of all computers help hand eye coordination greatly in the long run. This is true because people playing games on the computers got more skillful with using ther hands and eyes together. @ORGANIZATION1 ullodhers from @ORGANIZATION4 @LOCATION1 ""Computers help hand eye coordination @PERCENT1 more than putting your son or daughter on the football team"" @CAPS8 computer games could help kids get more acurate with there skills or that of any sport. @CAPS7 now you know why computers help people develop better hand eye coordination. Secondly Computers help people learn new things. Although people might think to be false it is indeed true. @ORGANIZATION1 a recent study at @ORGANIZATION2 shows that @PERCENT2 of schools in @CAPS6 use computers for research.Finally recently had a paper about @PERSON2 and The only scorce I thought of was wikipedia on the internet because it is faster than searching for a book about him. @CAPS7 now you understand the computer is a helpful learning tests. Finally the computer is a great way to communicate online. It is better than @CAPS10 because it is faster and more than calling someone up and talking for. @CAPS8 it is alot cheper than @CAPS10 because you just have @NUM1 payment a-month unlike phone. Where it starts to add up. Inract @PERSON1 or the @ORGANIZATION2 of @LOCATION1 in a recent study that ""@CAPS10 are absolete now, with the internet peope can chat at lignning speed"". Finally using e-mail or facebook is @CAPS7 much better than phone tag on facebook you know where you can chat with. @CAPS7 thats my reasons that the computer is good for communicating. @CAPS7 now you see that computers are nessecery because they develop hand eye coordination, they @CAPS8 help people learn and finally they are a great way to communicate."	5	4	9
576	"A large amount of people use computers daily, but not everyone agrees this technology benefits society. I think that computers benefit our way of life in many ways. This very useful technology has a positive effect on people because, it allows people to send, receive, and research a vast variety of information easily. @PERCENT1 of people use the computer to get information and get it more quickly than reading a book about that specific topic. They say that this powerful technology has been more effective and quicker. My cousin and I were both given the same research paper to do. He used several books to get information on the topic and I used the computer. The project took me @NUM1 days to do, while it took him a whole week to complete. @PERSON1, computer programming expert, said, ""Computers have made receiving information so much faster. I vehemently believe that everyone should own this device. Moreover, computers help with communication. There are many ways to keep in touch with people over the world, like email, chat rooms, and websites like @CAPS1 and @CAPS2. These websites are a great tool to keep in touch with family and friends or even fans. @PERSON2, lead singer of the band @CAPS3 @ORGANIZATION1, said ""@CAPS1 is a way to talk to the fans directly ad post updates about upcoming tours and albums. Not only isit great for bands but it is great for college students. My older brother is a college student and we communicate through these websites so it seems like he is never that far away. The computer can also help with business. Meeting can be done through @ORGANIZATION2 or a different webchat service. Emails are a great way to send information. @NUM2 of business meetings are held over the internet has benefited work ethics. Please heed my advice and use the internet and computer. It will benefit your way of communication and your way of getting information."	5	5	10
577	"Dear @CAPS1, I heard that you wanted some opinions on whether or not computers have a positive effect on people. I know that a lot of people are against these positive opinions but I think computers have a positive effect on people. The main thing that computers are great for is research. Without computers, kids an adults won't be provided with the necissary tools for knowledge. Studies show that @NUM1 out of @NUM2 students have computers at home and that @NUM3 person without computer access gets about @PERCENT1 of a lower grade because of poor research ability on projects. Another reason why computers are good because it can bring the world together. Facbook, @CAPS2, and twitter users can chat with people accross the street, accross the country and even accross the ocean! People in the @LOCATION5 can play games and chat with people in @LOCATION1, @LOCATION4, @LOCATION2 and even @LOCATION3! My last reason is that computers are great for buiesnessess. A lot of people have websites for their jobs that can get them well known and for people to know what their buisness is about. Take for example your newspaper. Without computers, you wouldn't be able to get your research or even type or print your newspaper. Your website wouldn't be able to persuade people to read your newspaper. Even though some people might abuse their computer privlages by staying on too long instead of exercising or interacting withpeople but thats them. It's only @PERCENT2 of people with computers that do it! And so what, its their time and they want to spend it on the computer. What can you do to change? Nothing. And with that, I conclude this letter by letting you know that computers are great for people! They give us research, they help us with school and buiesnessess and they allow us to talk to people around the world."	4	4	8
578	"Dear Local Newspaper, I think computers have both good and bad effects on people. Some people just sit around all day playing games and being lazy. Other people actually use their computers for things that they need. Also some people need their computers for their jobs. I do agree that some people who spend all day in front of their computers are spending less time exercising! Would you rather play games all day instead of spending some quality time with your family and friends? Not me, I would much rather be with friends outside or having a family picnic at a park or lake. For other people though, the story is much different. Some people need computers and other advances in technology for their everyday life. A lot of jobs today require you to use a computer, for example working at a bank you use computers all day! I also think students rely on computers to do work too. A lot of students type up reports and other things for school on their computers. Students also use computers to look up information. The internet can be a very good source for students. I know for me, the internet has come in handy for school projects, or maybe something as simple as just looking up a word. I can also see why people dont really care about advaces in technology or computers! Some people dont need them for anything, and some are probably thinking people are on them way too much. To me, I honestly find computers useful because I can talk online to my family in @LOCATION1. I hope you liked my opinion about computers, remember, they are useful to some people, but not all."	4	4	8
579	"Dear, @LOCATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 I think that although computers are very helpful to socity. Thire also paseing a problem to it for example people are out there that adicted to computers and will in a dark area for hours just on the computer also its not helping the fact that there obessity in @LOCATION2 I explain that to you but any ways this thing that teaching are youth could very much hurt them. Computer junkies what are they? A computer junkie is someone who woke up in the morning at @TIME1 and and stay on it for a good past @NUM1 hours this is a problem that @PERCENT1 of are @CAPS1 youth have topic @MONTH1 be not be big to but it is a problem must know my brothers addict to his laptop he spends hours in his bedroom watching anime japanise cartoons and not eating anything the whole day. Never leaves his room and my mom get so tired of trying to drag him out of his room she just quit and it gets annoying after a while a little computer isnt bad but alot is. Obeasity is a growing problem in are nation and computers arent helping infact computers are making matters worse by having items being shiped to them of in extent of the obesse person getting up used and leaving of they could lose a little wieght and now you can order offline and have it deliverd to your door @CAPS2 @CAPS3 market such as @CAPS4 @CAPS5 domino @CAPS4 and @LOCATION3 jade have been a part of this issue stop online @CAPS3 ordering. The computer is a great way to learn about things but it also a great way to become a junkie and fat:"	4	5	9
580	"Dear Local Newspaper, I believe that computers have a coolest effect on people. It allows people to develop hand-eye coordination, allow people to learn about faraway people and cultures, and communicate online through e-mail or instant messaging. All of these reasons prove to be a positive reason to use the computer. You will need computer skills in various jobs and what better to start than now. Hand-eye coordination is a and in life. You need the in jobs, and in to days @CAPS1 the for that gets In the quarter mile must be able to find his and on in an office you have to watch as typing. you to watch popular with today. @CAPS6, @CAPS2, and @CAPS3 are only a few of many websites were people can communicate through instant messaging or e-mail. All of these sites allow you to find family members, friends, and many more. You can in with a friend that is out of state, or you can talk with a person out of this country! Many people do this in their spare time to try and set up a reunion with people that you know in middle school through college. Tons of these people have not seen were @NUM1. So as you can see contacting people through internet is by many people in our world today. So as you can see I support the use of computers, and I feel they are critical to peoples daily lives. Whether they are building hand-eye coordination, researching a country, or contacting family and friends through @CAPS3, @CAPS2, @CAPS6 the internet is highly valued and I hope you feel the same way."	4	6	10
581	"Dear @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 one day being able to talk to anyone in the world by simple pushing a button. This has became posible with the computer. I support the advances on technology because computer can help hand eye coordination, it is easy to learn about faraway places or people, and the computer enables you to talk online. This is why it support the computer. First, the computer benifits society because it developes hand eye cordination. Did you know that nine out of ten people who use a computer have improved hand eye coordination. Bill @CAPS2, creator of @ORGANIZATION1, ""The keyboard is the most important part of the computer because it builds hand eye cordination."" This reminds me of when I got my first computer and had no hand eye cordination. @CAPS3 I can type with my eyes closed. I understand how you might think that computers cause people to not get enough exercise, however, the computer can improve your hand eye coordination. This is why I support the computers. Next I support the computer because you can learn about faraway places and people. Did you know that nineteen out of twenty students use a computer when the to learn a place or a person. @PERSON3 stated, ""The way students study is much different than it used to be, @CAPS3 students use computers."" This reminds me of when recently I had a report to do on @PERSON1 and all needed was my computer. I see how you @MONTH1 think that enjoying natures is imprtant, intelegence is even more important . This is why the computer supports our society. Finaly, I support the computer you can talk to the world instantly. Did you know that ninety-nine out of our hundred students talk online to in touuchscreen. @PERSON2, creator of @CAPS4, an instant messaging website, stated, ""@CAPS5 is no doubt that @CAPS4 is the easiest way to stay in touch with , This reminds me of when I went away on vacation and still stayed in touch with my friends through @CAPS4. I understand how exercise is essential to your body, however, talking with friends is important too. This is why I support the computer. In conclusion, I support the computer because it support hand eye coordination, you can learn about faraway places and people, and you can communicate with people around the world. @CAPS3 that you knew why I support the computer @CAPS5 should be no doubt that you will support it."	5	5	10
582	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, @DATE1's society is much more different from what it was like twenty years ago. We have phones that can easily allow us to browse the web as we please just like a computer. Our access to such a large network beings us together, can broaden mental horisons and keep many @CAPS5 hard workers on key point so that when time for work comes around, they are ready. Not everyone agrees that technology is benefit to our growing well, but I believe it keeps us moving forward and away from ignorance in all of its forms. Our construction workers work hard during their busy seasons. They vigorously build sley scraping towers, educational fucilities, additions to our health center, and even the very places we call home. However, when weather is not on their side and building anything can be hazzardous in the long run, they must still ramain at the ready when duty calls. Lately, there has been an advancement in technology to help chane opperators maintain their skills during their of season vistually. It @MONTH1 appear easy to the untrained spectation. To one it @MONTH1 seem like all they do is seat themselves in a pull a few levers, and push a few buttons. However, there is in fact a persition to such a task. Pull the lever to quickly and the crane can go sharply in the wrong direction causing it to tip over. One of feild reponters tried the @CAPS1 virtual trainer and found a @CAPS1 appreciation for the jobs at our builders. That just goes to show that @CAPS5 one does not keep such skill in check, they could in fact cause a serious malfunction on a construction site. I, personally, find it very entertaining and at the same time educational to learn a language different from my own. In fact, I teach myself @CAPS4 at home. However, @CAPS5 I did not have a computer at home, my studies would be near impossible. With @DATE1's economy going to a class outside & school, or even hiring a personal tutor, can be enough to effect anyones budget emensly. The internet provides an efficient low casting, or even free, way to help any language learner. One can even find study tips from native speakers at those who have already learned vast bit about the language. In @DATE1's society not everyone has the time to go to he library and pick up a book on a country they are interested in. Some @MONTH1 say that asking a neighbor about their home canbe just as afective, but that can awkward for those that don't particulary do well in face to face setting. However, havbing a complete at hand can make learning an enjoyabl experience. Once can find blog posts about someone's visti to there country of interest & even videos of their time there. Websites made entirely for those interesting a particular culture can also prove helpful. On the other hand, @CAPS5 someone were to be looking for and acception vacation spot recommended by locals, that information can be found as well. Some people do not love in an area where they can connect with family by a simple call or a drive. One @MONTH1 have to take a plane or pay to take with relatives. Social networks on the web makes connecting with lvoe ones easier and more affordable. The speed of instant messaging can make it seem like they are in the same room instead across the ocean. I hope that everything I have fare travel can serve a purpose to someone who has not been able to find way benefits to technological advances. Please do remember that technology can serve as a skill maintenance tool, educational, and as a connection for our foreign born citizens. Thank you for"	5	6	11
583	"Dear @PERSON1, To this day, there are many people who use telecommunication devices, like the computer. Some think computers have a posotive effect on people. Others are concerned that people spend too much time on them. I think that both these opinions are correct. Although using a computer can become an addicting and unhealthy habbit, they teach a person everyday about something, are enjoyable, and help save the earth. Using computers is something I know millions of people use everyday, and would think @CAPS2 would be difficult to live without. For example, my family owns four computers. We each have our own specific reasons for using them. For my mom, @CAPS2's usually working or checking her e-mails. For me and my sister, @CAPS2's researching and typing of homework, and communicating with our friends via facebook or. So say when my mom is working, or me and my sister are researching something we learn. Before these were computers, everyone used, but now that we have the internet, theres no really need to get a book. Most of the time people wont even have the book their looking either have to go out and buy get one from the library. Now this is an inconvenience to people, so why not use the internet thats quick, and. People also use computers to like I mentioned above with maybe facebook, @CAPS1, or e-mail.@CAPS2's quick, easy and fun. @CAPS2 also saves paper which helps the planet. We always use to send letters, but now with these sources, you don't need to much! Computers are also fun for kids because you can play a lot of games on bring. Now even though I mentioned all those good things, there are unfortunately bad ones too. So many people use computers everyday, and @CAPS2's bad for your physical and mental health. People spend so much time on them that they can get easily addicted. This means they will be on them all the time, and never do other things like go outside. They wasn't exercise which could be bad for their physical health. Also, staring at a screen all day is bad for your eyes, and brain. So I think, due to these causes, people shouldn't use them constantly. In conclusion, I'd like to say that people should use computers for learning things, go outside or do something active because spending all this time on computers can result in physical and mental health issues. Thank you and I hope you agree with my statements."	5	5	10
584	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I think that having a computer is a very positive. I know that teenagers are on the computer a lot, but if it really bother the parents, why do they have computers in their houses? @CAPS3, I can tell you @NUM1 reason why. They are good sources of information, its a good way to talk with your friends and it gives you information about places that you might not know about. Primarily, I would like to say that computer are a fantastic source of information. They can tell you anything! This is also helpful because if you are working on a project, and your mom cant you to get books at library, then there you go! A computer is just a simpler way to look up information. Did you know, that @PERCENT1 of parents who got their family a computer do not regret their desicion? Thats almost all the parents in @LOCATION2! @CAPS6 as you can see, it would help kids with whatever they are studying. Secondly, we teenagers today use computers to talk with our friends @ORGANIZATION1 email @CAPS3, I think this is alot better than sending @CAPS4! Why would you wait letter from your cousin @LOCATION1. When you can talk to them in seconds! And it do paper if you just @CAPS5 to buy I would like to say that having like this one time, I was work my we were looking for a hotel to stay in when we went to we ended up finding a great hotel, for a cheap You can also go on map guest if you @CAPS5 to someone. @CAPS6 for all the people out there who dont computers are important have would you to In conclusion, I think that having a computeer is a very important thing for @NUM1 reson they are very good book source they help us communicate with friends and for every information on for @CAPS6 imleaving the opinion with you hopefully you will learn something than better and pick the right "	5	4	9
585	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, A resent concern has built up among experts that computers @MONTH1 have negitive affects on the society. I do not agree with this. Computers ease life, teach you about faraway places and people, and finaly you can chat with others. I belive computers can only benifit a society. As previously mentioned, computers ease the hassels of life. With computers you are able to plan your life with @CAPS1 output. This program ables you to enter data on places you have to go and reminds you when time is done to that event. With this program you will never forget where you have to go. Also, with the computer you are able to gather information at extreamly high speeds. Supose you are doing a research project in school on types of cars, you just enter cars on @ORGANIZATION3 and get millions of results. this save much time than going on the librery and finding a book. This can take up to on how . Finally, with a couputer handy there are programs for special needs people to wright. New programs such as @ORGANIZATION2 word have a special function called voice commands. This lets a person who can not wright because of blindness or a disability speek to the computer what he or she wants to wright. In an istant it will pop up on the screen. Computer ease peples' lifes jarasticly. Besides esing lifes, computers teach you about far away places and people. pictures on a computer give one a first hand acount of how a far away place is like. Insead of just reading about it you can see it. Acording to time magazine if a person sees a place they will learn more by @PERCENT1 than reading an encyclopedia. As well as pictures, blogs give people an idea of how a person lives in a regular day in that place and how they feel about it. This is another first hand acount of the place. Finally, ebooks on the internet give you a large amount of information. Ebooks are books but in an internet format. These books inclued encyclopedias that give statistics and, pores, and events that are in the far of place. For example if you are planning a trip you can learn where to eat and where to get entertained. you can learn about far of places and people in them with computers. Lastly, with computers you can talk to people around the world. you can talk to friends. Have you ever moved and wanted to talk to a friend from where you previously lived? Now you can esily do so with video chat. Not ownly can you talk to someone you can see them. i remember @NUM1 years ago when I moved to @LOCATION1, I mised my friends in @LOCATION2 so i video chted them. As well as talking to friends, one can have a bussness meating around the world with out having to traval out of your town. For example if a company wanted to make a trading agreement with another company in @LOCATION3 they could do so with a click of a mouse. This will save time and money of travaling. Also you can talk to others online to get a feel of what happened. For example @CAPS2 a few weeks ago, video chated many people in @LOCATION4 to undersand now bad conditions were after earth quake. You can talk to people with ease with an computer availible. In conclusion, I believe computer are benifical to a society. They ease life, teach people about far away places and the people who live there, and alow people to talk to others. Computers open doors in the world. Computers help the society a great deal."	6	6	12
586	"Dear, @ORGANIZATION2. A computer is a very helpful resource. It helps people navagate through life, they can find jobs, do research for school. This world wold be nothing without computers. But on the other hand some people do spend to much time on the computer. But surfing the web for countless hours is their choice. Computers can help students do research from the comfort of their own home. Instead of going to the local library and looking and looking for books, all they have to do is type in thier research topic and wallah tons of different websites are right under their noses. A computer is the world at your finger tips. Also a computer can help unemployed people find a job. Its easy, type in what city you want to work in, and there you go. You can even fill out a job application right then and there. Hey, some people even work from home. Stay at home moms can easily make money while doing daily chores like washing dishes. Also working from home can a lot less tessful. It's less stressful because you dont have to deal with annoying and impatiant co. workers. Did you know that @PERCENT1 of employment is from the workers home, @CAPS1 now you know. Working from home makes another day at the office, another day at home. Computers have helped us come along way since caveman times. Without computers this would will be nothing. We woulde have so many basic things like stoplights, elevators, and even bleders. We also wouldn't have the more sifisticated things like fockets. and cars and planes. Imagine an airport without computers, where would they store all of their information? On paper? Where would a school store all their grades and tardys? On paper? Where would the goverment store their information? On paper? With those three palces we already cut down half of the @ORGANIZATION1. Computer help the environment too. They will also help us to invent more technology so that one day we can live on @CAPS2 or something. I hope this essay changed your mind about computers. Lets recap they help students reasearch, help people find jobs, you can work from home. Helps the environment. Without computers we would live in caves and walk around with leaves for underwear like caveman. The @CAPS3 line is that computers are very helpful."	5	4	9
587	"Hello, I decided to write in to the paper on the topic of computers, and how they benefit society. Comuters are powerful machines, and can be used completing otherwise menial and boring tasks. They benefit people in many ways, like they are very useful in buissness, helpful in education, and connect friends and family together. Computers are uselful in buissness and are an extremely important tool in a common workplace today, and make work get done much more efficiently than if they didn't have computers. One reason Computers are so useful in the workplace is because computers can storee far more data that can be put on paper. Also, they can do jobs and processes very quickly, which is important in the workplace. They can also be used for sending important information quickly and without much trouble. These are all valid reasons comuters are beneficial in buissness, and help things get done. Computers are important today's schools and educational programs becasue they can help students work in a more efficient fashion. ""@PERCENT1 of all surveyed students said they would rather type a paper for school than write on by hand, and shows that they value them in their education."" said @PERSON2, a professor at @ORGANIZATION1. This shows that Computers are important to students, and are used their benefit. In addition to students writing papers, computers are being used by teachers and school systems for grading, attendance records, and more. The teachers at my school are using @CAPS1 @CAPS2, pieces of hardware that are directly connected to computers, and can be used instead of white @CAPS2, and I see that students are getting more involved in class, and focused, because this computer technology is being used. All of these @CAPS3 are reasons computers are helpful in educational proceeses, and should continue to be used. Many people want to be able talk to there friends and family when they are bored, and because of computers and social networking websites, and instant messaging programs, this is made much easier. ""@PERCENT2 of teens have at least one sacial networking site they visit on a regular basis."" said @PERSON1, a phycologist, who speciaizes in teens, This shows that people use these sites, and that they like them. Families that are separated because one @MONTH1 have moved out of the house recently might want to communicate with one another, and because of computers, they can. There are multiple ways that they could use their computers to keep in touch, like instant messaging systems mentioned before. Being able to communicate with one another makes theses people happy, and benefits society. Overall, being able to communicate through computers is an enjoyable thing for many people, and is important to society today. To conclude, computers contribute to society in ways that make it much better for everyone. Whether it's through helping buissnesses being more efficient, giving students the ability to work faster, and in a way they prefer, or if it's helping people stay in touch, computers are always benefiting society. These machines hardly ever slow people more thant manually doing the work would, and the positive influence they have far outweighs the bad they do."	5	5	10
588	"Dear local newspaper, I feel that computers are very useful to society. For example, millions of people and companies and small buisnesses require the use of computers in order to optimally run their buisness. Everyone who uses computers on a daily basis can confirm that they are very useful. In fact, computers are so useful, some schools are starting to notice. I hightly reccomend that you get aquanted with such a useful and very recognized plece of technology. Did you know that many billion-dollar companies and small buisnesses require the uses that a computer has to offer? For example, my mother is s former-district manager of the fast-food company, @ORGANIZATION1. When she worked at the company, they gave her a laptop that she could use only for her work. This proves my point that companies and small buisnesses require the features of a computer to smoothly run the buisness of which they run or one employed at. The technology of computers has brought education to new. Some teachers (including my own, @PERSON1) have taken the initiative to incorporate the modern technology of computers into their teachings. Classes have even been created in schools because of the popularity of computers. For example, at my school, a computer education (or, comp, for short) class has been created for kids to understand the knowledge and skills using a computer can give to them in the real-world. In my opinion, I it is great that computers are incorporated in so many places. Computers are used by millions of people every day. Such buisnesses are corporate like @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 are starting to see the brilliance in using computers in their company. In fact, computers are so useful and helpful, teachers have taken up using computers in their classrooms. I hope it is not just me that sees the good that a computers brings, but anyone else that @MONTH1 have taken a glare at this letter."	4	5	9
589	"I believe computers have a positive effect on people. They teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, and even allow people to talk online with other people. All these things are good so why not use computers, we need computers. Do you think computers are a positive effect or a negative effect? After you hear this you might want agree with computers have a positive effect. Computers have a positive effect in so many ways for example: school, work, talk to other, and just get information. From different websites. If we did not have computers or use them we would probably use books. We would get information from the books but not as much as we would get from the computer. We probably would not know that much if it wasn't ofr computers. The reason why computers have a positive effect is because you work your eyes and while you are typing you are exercising your hands. That proves hand-eye coordination. We learn about places we don't live in like that? Had a earthquake we went on websites for that. You get to learn how it is in a certain place you want to go on vacation for. You get to learn about famous people you do not know about so all you have to do is go on the computer and look up your celebrity. Computer is something people use to talk to people and keep in contact. Now we have @CAPS1, @CAPS2, @CAPS3 and others. We use that to talk to our friend and family. Some of our family or friends live in far away places so we use the computer to talk. If you have a e-mail teachers and people at work might have to e-mail each other to handle business. You can even get work for students at school so that way the can learn more and do different activities. You can even play games on the computer. You can explore nature on the computer. I think computer is a great way to learn and talk with others. Do you want your child to learn? Do you want your child to have fun? So tell me what you think! Computers have a positive effect."	4	4	8
590	"Dear @CAPS1, In a recent poll it was determined that @PERCENT1 of @CAPS2 have used or come in contact with computers. @PERCENT2 of those said @CAPS2 use computers daily, and not just for work. This extensive use of technology creates a lack in their exercising habits, @CAPS4, they enjoy nature much less. Furthermore, people spend less time interacting with family and friends. These are demaging effects on our society. ""The biggest reason why people dont exercise, "" says health proffessor @PERSON1, ""is because they just don't have time."" This problem can be directly attributed to the statistic that on average, @CAPS2 spend @NUM1 and a half hours a day on the computer. You can argue that they @MONTH1 be learning new things or broadening their horizons. However, none or which help these people get or stay healthy and in shape. Being on the computer does no good for the body. Click the next link and watch as a beautiful humming bird swarms across the screen of your desktop. You can clearly see its wonder, but can you feel it? Can you smell the fresh air it flies around? The computer can only show you nature, but you must log off and find it for yourself to truly appreciate it firsthand. Society will only cheat itself of the world's splendor while watching it on screen. Fans of computers will argue that they help you interact with people around the world, but what about the people in the next room? Computers @MONTH1 bring you to people globally, but distance you from people at your job, school or home. As humans, they need contact with the outside world. Why limit themselves to typing to people, when they can talk to them? In conclusion, extensive computer use does not benefit society. People will spend less time staying active. More over, people will enjoy nature on a desktop instead of in person. Finally, society will not spend as much time communicating with family and friends in person. The time has come to take a stance. It should be clear that computers are a danger to society."	5	5	10
591	"I believe that computers are a great invention. It lets people interact with people from very far off places. Has lots of fun games you can play. And it is also a great way to learn information on topics and places very far off. Being able to talk to relatives from far away places is very important. @PERCENT1 of experts say that having a close knit family will give kids a greater chance of going to college. I understand why some people think ""well why doesn't the "" I grew up in a big family and just the whole day the phone was getting used. The computer has a lot of fun games that you can play. I see why you might think that the computer is why kids are over-weight But isn't the hour on the computer. Its eating habbits. Studies show that computers are use in the winter two time as much then. Going on the internet to learn new information is a great way to useing your souce. Just imagine this you straight A student comes home for the weekend about to do the biggest project lige forgets to bring home the most important book. She is flipping out looking all over the place and hyperventalating. But if you had a computer your daughter would be able to get the proect done and go to the college of her dreams. But since you didn't buy a computer she is going to fail her class not accepted to harvard and settle for the local community college where maybe one day she will be able to transfer. So I've gave you reasons to go out and but a computer you just lost to go do it. Do you want your kids to interact with aunt sally who lives @NUM1 miles away. Also it is a great way to play games. And lastly you want your daughter to go to yale or do you want her to fail. I have give yous you the facts the rest is up to you."	4	4	8
592	"More and more people use computers, they love computers for place that are far or the news. Computers are good for everyone in this world. Know one can live with out computers. There's others dat don't like computer for nothing. I know that there's family or friends that be having computers they write each others like in myspace u could have friend from everywhere or family's. But computers are spending to many times on their computers."	2	2	4
593	"Dear, @CAPS1 @CAPS2 people in the world use coumputers, we all know what computers are used for like surching the internet, games, work and school. Some people think that computers are good to use to help teach hand eye coordination, learn about other places in the world and talk with other people online. I am in @NUM1 grade at mystic middle school. I think that computers are not as good as some people think. Have you ever heard of computer camps. This is where some kids go because they are addicted to the computer. At this camp the kids are pulled away from the computer and pritty much forced to join gropes that do activitys like fishing or working together to solve a mystery. This camp is pritty much known as reliable for kids that are addicted to the computer. Another reason that computers are bad is because of the internet. The internet is a very dangerous. Place because you can chat to people that you dont even know. You never know the people could be messed on in the head. And try to find @CAPS4 where you like and come. you so you always have to be carful who you talk to other wise you could get. Nothing eve really goes right with computers, there alway getting slower and slower every time you use it. About every two years a kid or parent could go throw a computer. Also your computer doesn't have the right @CAPS3 it could get a vins and cost a person a few hundred dollars to get it fixed. Any thing could happen at any time with your computer, @CAPS4 of no where it could just die and not work and @CAPS2 of your data will be gone forever. Now that I have explaines my part of computers people will think different. Would you want to end up like one of those people, that are in a camp because they are on the computer to much. Or you never know you could forever and never be found. I alread know @CAPS5 much it is for coomputers to get fixed, but you might have to find @CAPS4 the hard way. That is why I think that computers just cause more truble for peolple."	4	4	8
594	"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 tired, lazy people sitting on their computer and wasting their life bacause of it. The issue to with is do you think that people are spending to much time on the computer or not. I strongly believe that people are spending to much time on the computer. And, here are @CAPS2 reasons why, people are spending less time exercising, people not enjoying nature, and less time interacting with family and friends. Without a doubt you probably know that exercising is at least somewhat helpful to life, @CAPS4 if people are sitting home @NUM1 on the computer with no exercise, it is going to cause people to gain an excess amount of wait. Because the more they just sit around. And do nothing except the computer. The more they're going to be and the more lazy they're going to be. So they're not going to want to do anything and really it's just a waist of life. And, in some cases it can cause depression. Just ask a local resident who says "" @CAPS2 mom used to be on the computer all the time and did nothing with her life,"" and @CAPS3 she became depressed. And, soon after, killed herself."" @CAPS3 more and more people are going to become like. I know that a lot of people like to be outside when its a nice sunny day. @CAPS4 @CAPS1 somebody on that day in a room, with their eyes to the computer screen. Because they cant think of anything else to do with their lives. @CAPS4 @CAPS1 if that was someone you loved. Doing that with their life. I'm pretty sure you would try to do something to help them get off that path. Just ask another local resident @PERSON1 who says, ""I remember coming home everyday, and there was @CAPS2 mom, no shades up, pitch block, it was like a dark cave, and she would sit there for hours on the computer wasting her life, and I remember asking her how long has it been since you've gone outside, she answered, its been almost two months."" @CAPS4 I know from @CAPS2 family that there was a family member of mine who was a ""computer junkie"" And, I remember at a family get together @CAPS2 aunt was the only one who could never come. Because she was to busy on the computer. And, she"	4	4	8
595	"Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1 you agree that people could use computers all the time and never get off. Well I don't. Think about all the negative things that could happen. Like spending less time with your family, getting addicted, and unhealthy. People who spend all there time on the computer forget that there family is there. For instance, I remember when I was little and I was on the computer and I forgot that i had family members with me, so I missed out on all the fun things like going to the mall or park. Certainly, playing on the computer is fun but woudn't you want to give some attention to your family. Almost @PERCENT1 of people in other countries be very lonely because all they @CAPS1 is play on the computer and forget about other people. You woudn't want to be like these other people right? I never thought playing on computers could be addicted. Lots of people in other countries can't last a day without playing on computers. Some say almost all the people that play on computers all day, day to night have died because they bairly eat, sleep, or use the bathroom. Imagine you life being ended because of addiction on computers. I remember when my friend told me, ""don't be on the computer to long you might die,"" and I thought it was a joke. So think about going on the computer all day and night. Not but not least, some people aren't treating their body properly. For example, some people playing on compters forget about eating, sleeping or walking around. This tends to make people's legs num and make people's stomach hurt alot. Imagine not eating, sleeping and walking around for a day. You woudn't even want to try this. Now is the time to decide, wheither people should be able to play on the computer day to night. Also all the negative things that can happen like spending less time with family members, getting addicted, and being unhealthy. So get right up and decide."	4	5	9
596	"Dear @CAPS1: People are spending far to much time on computers. This go for children and adults alike. Just think about it anything you can do on a computer you can do without a computer. That and pepole need to spend mor time outside expiriencing nature. Lastly some bad things can be shown and can happen while online. I chalenge you to name one thing you can do on the computer that you can't do without. You can't even name one. Think about it you can reserch and find pictures from books and magasigns. Insted of social networking sites you can actualy go and see the person or if they are far away you can call them or write them a letter. To find out about current events you can read the newspaper or watch the news. If you like using computer disign programs try drawing a real picture instead. Lastly if you download a lot of music you can just but a cd or better yet go to see the band live. Face it you can't do ehything on a computer that actualy requires the computer. Artificial simulations are no mach for the real outdoors. On a computer all you can do is watch and even that is nothing compared to the real thing it's just a snapshot of it. Outside you can the gentel breses the warm sun the cool grass, you can smell fresh pine and clean air. You can hear all the other cretures surounding you. Going outside is better for you to. Outside you get exersize and vitimin @CAPS2 while inside you get fat lazy and sick. Can't you see how great the outdoors are? Computers can do more harm than good. They can show children inapropriat pictures and talk about inapropriat topics. They are even now using computers to sell illegal drugs. Children allso often use the internet irrisponsibly and to things that can dissrupt frendships and get them into truble. The computer has also made it alot easyer for kidnappers to find children and kidnapp them. They do this by pretending to be the childs peer then using the information the child him he will make almost a garunteed kidnapping. This is happening more and more frequently. The computer isn't as helpful as you thought. Computers are not realy benificial to our socity. They have no rel use that isn't alredy taken care of. The can not replace the real outdoors. Lastly they can be eisily used for bad even ilegal purpuses. As you can see computers should be used as much as they are being used by the general public."	4	4	8
597	"Dear newspaper, @CAPS1, my name is @PERSON1 and I believe that computers have a negative influence on people. When people are on computers all day they have less time exercising. They are in alot more danger, and they spend less time with there family. These are my only some reasons why computers dontbenefit society.. In more, more time spent on computers equals less time exercising. With the obesity rate rising no one wants to be unable to do regular activitys. With spending all your time on the computer, you would just be using to get over weight and unhealthy. It also makes many people feel self consiou about themselves. If they dont have enough time exercising and keep eating they will become even more self consious. More over it will bring more danger to you and your family. There are many places on the internet where you can meet new people. But how do you know if people are who they seem to be? If you spend more time on the computer then you will increase your chances by @PERCENT3 to get a personal assuts, or even give you personal information up. So why should you take the risk? Just get off that computer! Even if you dont meet on internet assuter you will still be glued to your computer cauzing it more likley to be harrased. I definatly dont want that for my family. The last reason is the most important to @PERCENT1 of @LOCATION1 family. If you are spending all this time on your computer you will be out on in your family. This time is verry important because you never know when your family will be gone! And it is a verry scarry topic to think about. I know that most people in @LOCATION1 was spend all the time with there family. On another note a survey shows that @PERCENT2 of children that spend time with there family and less than @NUM1 minutes on the computer have grades higher than @NUM2 in all classes. Wouldn't you want to make the honnor role in your school? In conclusion, computers have a negiteve effect on people! Spending most time on your computer can causes less time spent exercising, more danger/harm to people, and less time spent with your family. Wouldn't you just rather spend less time on your computer? Thank you for your time."	4	5	9
598	"To the @CAPS1, I have recently heard that some people think that computers don't benefit society. However, I disagree with that. First, it allows children and adults to learn about distant places and other things. Also, it allows family and friends to connect with other family and friends. And lastly, it is a form of entertainment on a day that you can't go outside. Some people might not agree with me. However, I believe the computer wasn't a waste of thought. I think the computer is a benefits to society and the whole world. First, the computer allows children and adults to learn about distant places and, other things. People, professors, historians, and either highly educated people past discoveries and information about things everyday. That means everyday someone can learn something everyday of their life. When I do research on a important person in history, I learned things I never learned in school. The computer is the best way to allow people to put info they've learned for other people to see and gain knowledge of each other these are endless possibilities for everyone who owns a computer to learn. You wouldn't believe the things you can learn on a computer. Also, the computer allows family and friends stay in touch with other family and friends in far away places. If there was computers and someof your family moved to a diffrent. There wouldn't be an efficient way to stay in touch with them. The computer allows you to send e-mail to a families computer or celluar phones. The computer is the best way to stay close to your family even though they are far away. My brother is in @LOCATION1 and every day I get on the computer when I get home and video chat with him. If there was no computer, I wouldn't be able to chat with my brother. Lastly, the computer allows a form of entertainment on a rainy day. Certain software gives people the chance to create games and post online to the public. When I can't go outside because of the weather I get on my computer and play video games. The games keep me company. I can never play with other people with online multiplayer. Some of the games are educational also. The games teach you different things about history. "	4	4	8
599	"Dear local Newspaper, To my understanding computers have been putting a bad effect on people of all ages. In my opinion staying on the computer all day can cause you to miss out on outdoor activities. Also if you sit on a chair all day, honestly what will happen to you? You will become less active. In past experiences I have learned that if you get interested in computer game it will come very addicting. Computer put negative affects on people of all and I think we should stop and think about what we are doing. Most likely if you stay on the computer all day you will indeed on activities such as sports. @CAPS2 example @PERCENT1 of americans play soccer. In the beatiful fall when the leaves are beatifully changing you will miss out on playing soccer and the beaty of the leaves because of the computer you can't get your eyes off of. Another breathtaking adventure that you @MONTH1 miss out on is hiking. Hiking can be amazing when you get to the top and you see on the houses that have people like you (cach potatoes) sitting inside on the computer. Simple activities can be lost because of an addicting game you call fun. The computer is like a cause and effect. You @MONTH1 think you just playing farm town or chating on facebook, but in feture you will be missing out on the beauty of nature and sports. To connect @CAPS1's with missing out on sports because of the computer that will cause you to become over weight. A recent study showed that @PERCENT2 of children are obeased because of computer games. You @MONTH1 be thinking how, but I have a friend named named, @PERSON1 and he used to love to play out side and play sports until came out @CAPS2 the computer. Now he way @NUM1 pounds and he is only @NUM2. Honestly sitting in a chair all day will cause you to not be active and gain weight. Do you want this to happen to you? Help me tell others how computers cause a negative effect on others. Lastly playing on the compter or chatting with friends on @ORGANIZATION1 can cause you to @CAPS2 example if your talking to your girlfriend in spain who is there @CAPS2 callage I garentee your going to put off school work, @CAPS3 and other @CAPS4 that need to be done. In the end it will end up being time @CAPS2 bed and you got nothing done weather it was because you were trying to get to level @NUM3 or talking with your girlfriend you will have nothing accomplished. If your not yet a resent scientific study reported that six hours on the computer per day @CAPS2 one week can @CAPS5 your vision from a @NUM4 @NUM4 to @NUM6 @NUM6. If you keep it up now it @MONTH1 not seem bad but @NUM8 hours looking at the computer can kill your eyes. Would you rather be blind or not use the computer because or what could happen? All in all the computer is a bad thing such as useful piece of technology can cause you to miss out on events such as sports. Also it leads to being overweight sense your not getting active. Finally the computer is bad @CAPS2 your eyes and can cause you to procastonate. Help me help yourself avoid all of these bad effects caused from the computer."	5	4	9
600	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, Computers are helpful once in a while but @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people believe that they are a waste of electricity. Computers aren't beneficial to everyday life overall. When people are on the computer they spend multiple hours on it. This means that they aren't getting enough exercise and that they are harming them bodies. Not only this but people have a tendency to use this machine obsessivly. They spend more attention on the computer and not enough time with your family. Every one knows exercise is important. However, what happens when we don't get enough? Heart disease is the number one cause of death in the @LOCATION1. Heart disease is caused by obesity. That's what happens when you don't exercise. When you are on the computer you are sitting down rather than moving around. This means that your motabolism isn't going and you burn less calories. That is not healthy for anyone. Even people in perfect condition. Gaining weight isn't the only way you can potentially harm your body. When using the computer you have to look at the screen which is with very bright @CAPS3 lights. After looking at the screen for so long your eyes will begin to feel the affects of the lights. Many people say its like staring into a flashlight for an extended amount of time. About @PERCENT1 of the kids at our school wear glasses because of using the computer for to long. That @PERCENT1 is @PERCENT2 more than we had before. We used to have about @NUM3. Like I said before, when you use the computer you use it for an extended amount of time. What about family? They deserve more attention than a machine. To spend more time on the computer than your own flesh and blood isn't right. In a survey an average of @NUM4 out of @NUM5 people said that the spent about eight hours on the computer between work and home, and about an hour with family. The results were more than shocking with all of this in mind, ask your self how useful the computer really is. Sure it's good at researching things quickly but its also good at making people gain weight, making people spend money on glassses and tearing them away from their family members. At the end of the day, the computer isn't very helpful at all."	4	5	9
601	"Dear editor, @CAPS1 do you do all day? The answer to that would probably be sit down in front @ORGANIZATION1 a computer all day. My friends say that this is very unhealthy, research as proven it and my mom has had experience with the computers. This just isn't healthy for our envierment and people. @PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION1 my friends say that computers are a waste @ORGANIZATION1 time. Most people who interact on the computer all day don't have a stable diet or even a good excersice ruinte. They say that all the junk kids and grown-ups acumulate in their daily life is unhealthy and will never go away unless they get up. They also say that without excersice our country will be filled with over weight people. Dr. @ORGANIZATION1 has done extensive research and has proven that computers are bad for you. @PERSON1 has gone all over the country to talk to people, and he specifically stresses that more people should get out and enjoy the nature but, no their sitting in front @ORGANIZATION1 a computer which is not good for them. He's taught people that @PERCENT2 @ORGANIZATION1 the time if you get out and have fresh air your life will be so much better. My mom has had experience with computers and asures me that when she was younger you couldn't just sit there and not get out. She says that it's important to interact with your family and friends so you keep a stable relationship. Talking to your family will keep them intact with @CAPS1's going on in your life and hanging out with your friends will help with having more @ORGANIZATION1 a life without your household. She says any kid who does sit in front @ORGANIZATION1 a computer all day should be disappointed @ORGANIZATION1 themsleves. Editor you've done a wonderful job since you've taken the job! So, I feel that if you stress the point in your next newspaper about not having computers all the time you should always excersice like my friends say, the research as taught to enjoy your nature and my mother says to interact with your family and friends. I'm sure your next article will be a wonderful dream to people stating facts."	4	4	8
602	"Computers definitely have a positive impact on society. They help organize your thoughts, which stress. So, they contain many inspirational articles which can convince kids to strive for surless. Lastly, when all else fails, the computer can be a great way to relax and clear your mind. Computers help organize your thoughts, which helps reduce stress. Imagine you working on a project in school. Everybody can add to it, and you can selectively choose which additions you want. In addition, you @MONTH1 also block the programs that you don't want. This device is called the computer, and it's changed @LOCATION1's society for the better. On average, @NUM1 out of @NUM2 @CAPS1 suffer from stress. Now if you organize your thoughts on the computer, and are able to look through them again at why a huge alleviated. Instead of worrying thoughts you @MONTH1 or @MONTH1 not remember, you now have confidence that you can look back and find your thoughts right on your @CAPS2. Reduced stress trading to confidence effect on society. Also, the computer contains articles that @MONTH1 insure our children to strive for their goals. Once child read an article @PERSON1, @ORGANIZATION1 book. As an @NUM3 using @PERSON1 as well in school. By games, I observe how into @CAPS3 since I started seeing @PERSON1 as role model to me, high making a stride for a @CAPS4.O @CAPS5. Where did this inspiration come from? Researching @PERSON1 on the internet. The internet, in this instance, obviously had a positive impact on @CAPS6 society. Lastly, when all else fails, you can rely on the computer to make stressful situations seem less overwhelming. If you have the ability to solve a problem, then why can't you solve it? Often times, the answer to this question is that the situation is too overwhelming. If you take a break go on you @MONTH1 relax simple games put out a variety of websites. Now say you came back and attack the problem again. You continually chip away at it, and it seems overwhelming. Thank you computer gods! The computer, in this instance, has made - positive impact an @CAPS6 society. So as you can tell, computers make a strong, positive impact on @CAPS6 society."	4	5	9
603	"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 your computer daily can be a waste of your life. Your computer time can take away from your time spent exercsing and enjoying nature, distract you from human nature things such as communicating, and can also waste tons of energy. Picture yourself, sitting at your desk, talking to some friends online. Take away your computer and all youre doing is sitting thhere, not burning one calorie, or exercising one muscle, [expect your fingers of ] @CAPS2't you think you should be doing something more usefull in your life? Such as taking a walk and enjoying nature? That's what I thought. Nature is beautiful. So @CAPS4 enjoy it throug h a window next to your desk? obesity is a problem in @LOCATION1. @PERCENT1 of @CAPS3 are considered ""fat"" @CAPS4 would you even think about spending your day simply sitting in a chair? Go to the gym and loose some of that extra body weight! Communicating through @CAPS5's is so over-rated, people can't express their emotions! all they can do is send a smily face or happy face. Communication wih only your friends can cause you to miss out on things. For example, lets say there is a cancelation at your work place on the news, but you @CAPS2't see it cause you were @CAPS6-ing with your friend. @CAPS6? @PERCENT2 of people @CAPS2't even ""laugh out loud"" @CAPS7 they send that to their friends. Plus you @MONTH1 even go to your friends, house and instead of laughing, you'l say @CAPS6. Are instead of gasping, you say, ""@CAPS9!"" I mean come on people, get out and really ""communicate"" @CAPS10, so you bought one of those new lights? Too bad youre not even saving any energy by @CAPS1 that computer of yours daily. @CAPS1 that @CAPS11, uses about the same amount of energy in as @NUM1 regular light bulbs in @NUM2 hours, @CAPS12 that light really saving you that much money. Haven't you heard? the economy is bad, which means we @CAPS2't have alot of money which means YOU playing online games is wasting energy, which is wasting money. Someones going to have to work overtime this week, and it's not me. I @CAPS2't think hair spray is the cause of the layer being destroyed... Computers are bad, and dont have a good enough reason to be used. They take enjoying nature, reduse your communication levels, and not to mention, waste a lot of energy. Therefore, my point is made."	5	5	10
604	"Did you know that four out of five households have a computer? But why so many? It's because computers have a positive effect on people, Have you ever thought why? With computers you can contact people in different parts of the @CAPS1. You can search up different information over the internet. Computers also benifit other electronic inventions. What do @LOCATION5, @LOCATION2, @LOCATION6 and @LOCATION7 all have in common? you can contact the people there with computers! while talking to people around the @CAPS1, you can learn something about a culture or lifestyle that you didn't know before. You just might make a new friend along the way. Picture if you will, a hard working business man who lives in the @LOCATION1. He works for a @CAPS1 - famous company and has to go to a meeting with the big boss is @LOCATION4. Wouldn't it just be easier to set up a video chat? That way, there's no hassle with a plane voyage and it's much easier. Why do you think it's called the @CAPS1-@CAPS2 @CAPS3? Over the internet, you can search up unlimited amounts of information. Animals, sports, a report to do on @LOCATION3, where do you go to find easy-to-read information instantly? Search him up on @ORGANIZATION1 or @ORGANIZATION2. You never what might find out. There are new additions daily. With no computers, how would you download music to an @NUM1? You can't, you have to use a computer. Computers benifit a lot of other electronic equipment. You can download videos, print out photographs and charge @CAPS4 and other electronics. Technology these days is empressive. It gave birth to the much-used computer. Computers have a large positive effect on our lifestyle. Contact with otehrs around the @CAPS1 is now easier than ever. Information can be found instantly. And with computers, other electronics can work as well."	4	5	9
605	"Dear editor, I think that people are spending too much time on the computer. Because of this, people are getting less exersice, they are not spending enough time outdoors and the dont spend as much time with their family and friends. Exersicing is an important part of one's daily schedued. I have a friend who exersices everyday. She is the healthiest person I know and rarely spends anytime on the computer. But, she knows someone who is almost her compleate oposite. He hardly ever exersices and spends @NUM1 hours on the computer each day. He has also been diagnosed with diabeties and is obese. These are the type of health problems that are faced because of lack of exersice and too much computer time. Experts say that people should get at least @NUM2 minutes of exersice every day. But, because more and more people are spending time on computers, this is almost impossible. Studies done at @ORGANIZATION1 show that @PERCENT1 of kids under the age of @NUM3 are obese or at the risk of becaming obese because they are not getting enough exersice. You don't want that number to increase do you? There are other problems that people face because of too much time on the computer. People are spending less time outdoors and more time inside at a desk. My friend @PERSON1 spends way too much time on her computer and not enough outside. She failed a science poject because she was on her computer, rathern than outside comparing the leaves from different trees. Doctor @PERSON2 is a child phycologist and when he asked kids if they would rather play outside or be on a computer, @PERCENT2 of them said computer. This shows that people on computers are not only young, but they want to be on the computer more than be outside. This is a number that, in my opinion, is too high. Lastly, there is the problem of people not spending enough time with their family and friends. By this I mean face to face time, not just video chatting with your friends on facebook. This has caused tension in relationships. My friend @PERSON3 didn't go to her family reunion but stayed at home on the computer and at the next family get together, she was ostrisized because she didn't go to the reunion. High @ORGANIZATION1 guidance counselor @PERSON4 says that @NUM4 out of @NUM5 friendships are ruined because kids dont spend enough face to face time with their friends but are on the computer. These are all god reasons why less time on the computer and more time exersicing, outside, and with family and friends will make your life happier and healthier."	5	5	10
606	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 name is @PERSON1 and I do not believe that computers are very beneficial to our society. Computers donot benefit us because they are stoping many people @CAPS3 exercising and healthy life, playing sports, and enjoying the outdoors. Computers are stoping many people, particular the younger generations, @CAPS3 exercising. Now a days instead of bitting the gym many people are home on the computer talking to friends or playing computer games. As a result many people are not as healthy as they should be. It's also recorded that any person who is on the computer for large amounts of times are hurting thier eyes, resulting in an increase of people wearing glasses. If people were to go and start doing things besides the computer they will live a happier, healthier, and better life. Unfortunatly, many young people are not getting in to play sports. During this decade many sports games have come out for the computer. Now instead of pushing themselves to work hard for aspact, kids ethier play with no heart or dont play at all. The reason for this is because they can instead work extremly hard on thier custom @CAPS4 or @ORGANIZATION1 teams in @PERSON2 or @NUM1. Also the computer is not the only electronic stoping kids @CAPS3 playing sports, xbox, playstation, xbox @NUM2, psp, @NUM3, gamecube and gameboy are some of the few console systems that play games that distract kids. I myself, had been caught thinking more about on xbox game then @CAPS2 own hackey game! not olny are these electronics pulling kids in like magnets but the parents are they are alarming thier kids to play video games or stay on the computer for hours on end. Many of us dont know what its truly like to go outside and camp. do not to spend time with thier family. I came @CAPS3 on @CAPS5 family and many @CAPS5 families are very close, so its natural to be doing things with @CAPS2 father or brother or whole or cousin. However not to many families are as close as so they do not do something togther. If some fathers took thier sons fishing or camping, it would get them away @CAPS3 computers and the father/son band will become stronger. These are @CAPS2 reason sir and they should be thought over far quite sometime. Just remember that many people need to exercise, many play sports, and many families got to exprience the outdoors."	4	4	8
607	"To the local Newspaper, I think using computers does not have a negative effect on people. I believe it's an advantage to use it. You are given technology, advantage so why not use it? They give people chance to chat with people allow them to make friends. These days people even watch to shows on the computer-websites such as: @CAPS1, @ORGANIZATION1 allows them to search anything and watch it on @CAPS1. People make emails, download music and several other things. Children at the age of @NUM1, @NUM2 even @NUM3 move use computers-play games on them. i have a cousin who is @NUM3 and he plays games on it all the time he even knows how to search something on the computer. Some people @MONTH1 think it gives you a negative effect, but really it doesn't. Those people think that should comee to the reality. We have to step up as the life goes. Let's say a girl doesn't have a computer, her parents think that computers spoil children, their technology spoil children. The girl goes to school, her friends asks her to give them her e-mail. Every time her friends asks her about email she makes up some excuse and tries to avoid the subject. this time she made an excuse, but how many times is she going to make up an excuse. Then suppose one day her friends finds out she doesn't have a computer and embarasses her in front of everyone. So, what I'm trying to say is that you have to see around you and go on with it computer also saves your time. You can just type instead of writing whole out. You can make your writing cursive or any other that you would like. After reeding my letter, I hope you understand my point. Next time you see a person who thinks computers give negative effects to people, tell the advantages of the computers and how it benefits society around you."	4	4	8
608	"I think computers work @CAPS4 because it helps people with there own work. but computers do make people addicted because you mostly could do anything but mostly computers were able to use for help like work, maps, friend to find ot problems like for school it helps htem with math, science, social studies and @CAPS4 of more things. But people abuse it like ther @CAPS2 games and their dont even go outside they don't talk to there friends or even see ther friends its mostly not haven a life. And people dont feel like going to school because their over and there tired and ther just want to use the computer all day with not stopping. And so i think that people are just to addicted to compulers they dont use it for the fright reasons. Had then people get sick they could get hoadaks or they feel like puking. And they dont get to see that of things like go to the @CAPS1, @CAPS2 football, soccer, @CAPS3, valleyball or even take there own dog for a walk at the @CAPS1. @CAPS4 of people buy computers for games and @CAPS4 or muture people buy computer for there work and find were places are so the computer helps @CAPS4 but it addicted @CAPS4 of people. And computers do really break @CAPS4 because people could download a game or something and then it gives it virus. So you mostly spend about @NUM1 $ or @NUM2$ as fix it. And there new computers come and its like @NUM3$ and @NUM4$ and there different just from beand and ther go aboutmore faster. And whne people's computer break some go crazy and feel like doing some cordy stuff. Ther does feel like they does friends they only stay at the room for every they never down out at all and if they do come out the room they instly dont respect there parents they do whatever they feel like doing and they they act into troubles with the . So computers do help out sometimes they dont but maybe should make different changes."	3	4	7
609	"Dear the @CAPS1 of the @ORGANIZATION1, Some people say that computers are a negitive contributor to society. In @CAPS3 opinion, computers have a positive impact on the world around us. I believe @CAPS4 gives people hand-eye coordination and a way to be organized. Not only those but, people are still interacting with others. if you don't beleve me now, read @CAPS3 details and you'll feel the same way I do. When you consider @CAPS4, computers give us hand-eye coordination. there's no way to use a computer without typing. No matter if you're just typing in a short password or a @NUM1 page essay, you'll alway have to type, and when you do @CAPS4 allows better movement at your hands. This can later help you in sports when you get out and exercise. Since computers have become such a popular thing, i think that in the future, typing or using a computer will be in the @CAPS2. this could be of the hand-eye coordination @CAPS4 gives @CAPS3 theory is whatever you think, you type. in addition to hand-eye coordination, computers provide organization which is a big concern in present day life. Do you have picture files laying your house? Well, there's no need to. With computers you store all and files neatly. how your might you can bark those easy to find everything becomes all that are locate. Even doctors are computers your medical needs and give time. Computers can give organize. Furthermore, computers continue to help instead with store say keep friends I can talk with friends or family far away. @CAPS4 keeps us together and gets I'm not saying that @CAPS4's always a good thing, because we all need face to face interaction. Although when you arent able to get that, its a good way to talk. To conclude, computers positivly effect our lives. We're able to get hand-eye coordination, and stay organized when @CAPS4 can be a trouble to do @CAPS4 can bring people together when they aren't in person. You can learn about new things like people and places far away. though people @MONTH1 think opposite of me, i know that computers benifit society."	5	4	9
610	"Dear local newspaper, I've heard that some people think that computers do not benefit society. But I belive they do. Computers help us learn information of al types. It's a good souce of entertainment. And last but not least, computers do not drasticly change the time we use exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with family and friends. Computer are a great resource in our everyday lives so why not use what we were given. Google, yahoo, @CAPS1 and @LOCATION1. What would we do without them. They help us figure out small things like quick and easy way to get rid of a stomache ache or a funny joke to tell at the office the next day while you in the staff room drinking coffe. They also help us when we want to know what to do when your newborn has a cough and a small sneeze you know the tough stuff. These are the kinds or things you need to know and not everyone go out to the library everytime you have a question. The information on the computers is endless why not use it from learning a new language for next vacation to @LOCATION2 to finding help for that geometry homework that you just can't understand, the computer can do it all. Entertainment is everlasting on computers from the skatebording dog on. Youtube that you can't stop laughing at to the @CAPS2 @CAPS3 on addictinggames.com. There will never be a dull moment. There are millions of videos and movies on youtube. There are @CAPS4 of games on the @ORGANIZATION1 alone from pacman to scrabble there's no way we'll have nothing to do. I always go on @ORGANIZATION2 to talk to family living too far to visit. Computers are one of the best soarces of entertainment, they definetly benefit society. Computers definetly do not change the way we exercise, enjoy nature or interact with family and friends. On the computer there are videos that show us new yoga move and other ways to lose those extra pounds you gained over the days. There are sites to find where to go camping and have that family vacation you have always wanted. And we always make time to go see our family and friends. Computers dont keep us hupnitized. Without a doubt computer benifit everyone's society. They re informational. The definetly entertain us all. And then don't turn us into mindless zombies so that we can't interact with other people. Computer are one of the most helpful things we have and no one should think they arn't not after reading this essay."	4	4	8
611	"@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 my name is @PERSON1 and I am writing to you because, I want to inform you about the benefits of having computers. I think that having computers is a great way for kids like me to learn more about things in the world. Having a computer also helps people in need and also inform people about far away places in the the world. I beleive if it wasn't for computers we wouldn't really know that much about our world. Computers also help us to send emergency messages across the world in @NUM1. Some people do not think that computers have an effect onour society but I for one think computers have a very positive effect on people. people also think that computers make people spend less time exercising, but I believe that it actually helps people to exercise because you can go gives different exercising techniques. In conclusion, I think that computers have a positive effect on society."	3	3	6
612	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I think computers do benefit society because computers can do alot of things like teach you. Computers are very helpful now, mostly every thing gets done on it. The computer teaches good eye cordination, how to focus, and show you stuff you don't know about. Without an computer you really can't get any thing done or reddy. A computer can be helpful for lots of things like job aplications of taxe's, or at a grocry store register, typeing and being on the computer is exercising but not for your body. When your on a computer exercise your hand's and your brains. With out computers you really cant do any thing. Mostly everything you do in life have to deal with some type of computer. I think that the people that said they shouldnt be on the computer is wrong because they can interact with there family that's far away thats also on the. You can enjoy nature by just takeing a look old you don't have to walkt out. Thats why I think computers are positive and helpful."	3	3	6
613	"Dear, @CAPS1 Who would'nt agree that more and more people are using computers. The isusse is @CAPS2 bad or good for you. My opinion on this matter is that agree that computer are bad and people are spending. Too much time on computer. Also I agree with that because people are spending more time on computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friend, And thats my opinion on why people spending to much time on computers. Cearly you can that people spending too much time on computer and less time exercising. I say because i rember a time when my you to spend most of his time on computers and not for school eitner he would story on for all most the whole day he would bring food up stairys and throw the plates on floor just keep eating and eating and go to sleep without doing any thing. He would do this day after day. when I go over his house it would be dirty after all those times my my to hold him to clean up he didnt after he ate I ash edition want to got for a you can @PERSON1 the of and caliores he would say no I can walk on the computer, @CAPS3 one day he became really part and the doctor said you obeased but do you think he cared no but we would try to push him ever day to exercision know he has dibietes. We told and him told him spending to much time on computers is bad for you. Another reason why spending too much time on computer is bad because you need to learn how to enjoy nature and get out scid. I rember a time when my friend would story in his house for day on a computer when I would ash him to come out sid he would say no all time, @CAPS3 one he to come out sid to get a new computer sofeware and when he opend door he got scared of the lite and run in side reason why spending to much time computers is bad for you this prove that get and play get active "	4	4	8
614	The effect's computers have on people is not resinable for children and other people. Computers are not good for people these day's because people are spleeling all there time' on the computer and are'nt realling that it miss up there eye's and some people are adicted to it. Now people are useing the computer like they are nutting. So people think that the computers aren't hurtful to there eye's the time people are speeling on the computer they can be speeling time with there family and friend. People helpful is on the line with this computer thing. People shouldn't be useing computers like they are because all day on the computer can mess up your eyes and that's what people are not understand there day. I think that it should be a limeit for when people go on the computers.	3	2	5
615	"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 I have found that many experts say that computers do not benifit our society. In some cases this is true but in most cases studdies show that computers can help people. While nothing beats talking in person computers can get really close such examples are webcams or e-mail. @PERCENT1 of students who get good grades refer to reliable websites for reasearch or to help find good books. Also online catalouges or advertisments help the economy of stores worldwide. @CAPS2 people were not allowed to use computers most of the modern would not exist. @PERSON1 said that the best form of modern communication is the computer because of the ability to write, talk, or write back for much cheaper! Almost every single event i go to is planed on a computer by communication such as e-mail ""@CAPS2 a student ever needs homework because lam out sick or needs help studying for a test then contact their teacher through the best form of communication for them always e-mail. Even the post office uses computers to get letters and boxes to people. The president of the post office, @PERSON2 said ""@CAPS3 would be imposible to get mail to our coustmers @CAPS2 @CAPS3 were not for computers telling us where a zip code is or how heavy a box is."" @CAPS4 that tell people what is happening around the world would not exist @CAPS2 @CAPS3 were not for the moder communication abilities that computer provid us. Because information can be commucated so quick. so can reasearch. When the country of @LOCATION2 took a pole @PERCENT2 of people used computer for any type of reasearch, of those @PERCENT3 were students currently in school and @PERCENT4 of them have good grades. When the same survey was taken in the @LOCATION1 @PERCENT5 of people used computers fore reasons and @PERCENT2 were students who had good grade @CAPS2 @CAPS3 were not posible for me to access documents in the @CAPS5 @CAPS6 online I probably would not have gotten an A+ on my @CAPS7 assignment! Could you amagine @CAPS2 suddenly your Newspaper reporters couldn't use the internet to work on their reports? The articles would probably be @NUM1 after the events occur. Most buissness, including the Newspaper, use the internet to advertise, shop, or read. The association of @ORGANIZATION1 reported that in @PERCENT1 of @ORGANIZATION1 used a website and of them @PERCENT5 were in good positions. The president of @CAPS8 @NUM2 imports said that they use an online catalouge because @CAPS3 is cheaper, but they can also promote that @CAPS3 is to save trees, or for the castomer's convinence. Small @ORGANIZATION1 can make websites to promote them selves and explain their star to potential coustomers. @PERSON3, the owner of @ORGANIZATION2's said that the internet saved her resturant. @CAPS2 @CAPS3 wer not for the internet @NUM3 more people would be jobless in @LOCATION3. In conclusion computer help everyday people and without them most convinences would not exist. They help communicate around the world. Computers help people reaserch subjects for school reports, and they make the current economy get better everyday. In moderation computers are the most useful tool out there."	5	5	10
616	"Dear Local Newspaper, Have you ever been running late to a party and just realize you don't have the directions to the person's house? Have you ever had to write a paper and there wen't any books or encyclopedias available? Or have you ever just wanted to catch up with an old friend? @CAPS1 you answered yes to at least one of these questions, there is a good chance you have used a computer in your lifetime. Computers have positive effects because they can give you quick and reliable @CAPS2 and the can be fun too. To begin with let's go back to that example in the paragraph above. Have you ever been running late to a party and realize you do not have the direction's to the person's house? @CAPS1 you have, there are two things you can do in that situation. You can call up the person who probably wan't answer because they're @CAPS4 fun at their party, or you can go on the computer, type the person's address in and you will have your directions in seconds. Call me crazy, but this way seems quicker more efficient and reliable. My mother always says to me, ""@CAPS1 you're @CAPS4 trouble finding @CAPS2, go on the computer,"" because she knows that there is all the @CAPS2 in books on the @CAPS3, and more. And it's just one click away, @CAPS4 sold that, the computer has positive effects on you because it gives you quick and reliable @CAPS2 In addition, computers have positive effects on you when you're trying to have fun. For example, @CAPS5. @CAPS5 is used by teens and adults like, and for one reason only, to socialize with friends via computer. @CAPS1 you to another date and wait to see what your last friend's up the best thing to do would be to go on @CAPS5 and ask A @ORGANIZATION1 shows that in a family of five, four of them use the @CAPS3 to communicate and socialize with friends. Obviously, this is how computers have a positive effect. In conclusion, whether you're bored at home and it's a rainy day, or @CAPS1 you have to nght a research paper you saved until the last minute, a computer will be there for you. Positive effects computers have - are that they are quick and reliable, and they are fun to use."	5	4	9
617	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, I agree that the effects computers have on people can be very negative to people, but they should realize what they are doing to themselfs and what they can get themselves into. Starting with people are on the computers more then they are using the phone, this takes effects on people sitting around on their computers and not cleaning their homes and taking care of their homes; but instead they are on the laptops or desktops. Secondly parents and childrens spend most of they time on websites to talk with their friends for example webcam and aim, this takes affect people because they can go on the phone or meet them up some place. In conclusion, people, but mostly teenagers and a little bit of adults up to ages @NUM1 to @NUM2 like to go on different websites sum as myspace.com, facebook.com, formspring.com, and more this constart rumors and can end up in bad or goods situations this can be a horrified effection on these people that do this very often. Some people and mostly teens, and that can be caused it will always be a he say she say, this is why people should log off immediantly. Most importantly people should become aware of themselves or people they might know or might know, knowing this putting into negative situations @MONTH1 at them in harm."	3	4	7
618	People are probly on the computers chating there e-mail or making a websit or they are on youtube. Maybe the person does not like to go outside and enjoy nature or spending time with there family there are probly checking out new websites and playing games or the problay on the comper to book there vactions of seeing what is on sell a welmart. They are probly looking at or buy a new truk or they are looking at the history on all the wars and how they were started.	2	2	4
619	"Computors have definitely had an impact on society that changed the world. People and life are now smarter quicker, faster, and easier. People who live on opposite sides of the world can communicate in an instant, for free. But what effect does this have on people? Something this big and having such a long history can't be good for some people. I don't think for some people it is. To start with basic, some people get too obsessed with computers. If they have life problems then they @MONTH1 seek the solitude and privacy of unfiltered and limitless internet. Even if you use a computer to chat with people, it still is no replacement for the real thing. In fact, studies show that due to non posonal ways of communicating such as text messaging, email, or chat rooms, can severely restrict a pasons way of connecting with other people. Don't get me wrong here. I do use sites such as facebook to talk to people. So, I'm not going to state that online talk is bad. I think it's a very good way of keeping in touch with people you can't talk to in real life. And, it's a good way to help friends and be there for them. It's done in moderation though. Getting information from the computer is very debatable. Some could say that the people being informed is a good thing, which I agree. Some others could say that knowing too much will make our egos so big that we will be ignorant. I also agree with that. I would also say knowing some things are good, but be careful of knowing too much. One once I find computers to be great in is originallity. In a world where we are raised to kill creativity, I find computers to be part artistic. In a way. It's personally helped me to discover what kind of music, drawings, creations, etc. that I like. I can also share what I've made so everyone can see it. Or listen to it. Or try it for themselves. In conclusion, I think computers are a great tool for use in moderation. Some people who are obsessed, it can be problematic. I think they are a great addition to society though."	5	4	9
620	"Should there be computers in are society. Yes, there should computer are good things and are good help. I can give you @NUM1 good reasons why. Paying bills, facebook, and research. This is why computers are good. My first reason why computers are good is because people need to pay bills its easier to pay your bills online then to do all the paper work, and it makes it faster for people and computers are really good for them thats why we need computers. My second reason why we need computers is because people have facebook. And thats a good way to talk to friends, and get new friends and its fun to have facebook and just interact with people and why computers are good in society. My thrid reason why we should have computers in are society is because research and need to get info from and an computer is really good help for that, there great help for research like an specific topic the computer has all that. In conclusion having computers is really good because of paying your bills, facebook, and research, so people need computers so I told you all good things about computers can you tell me yours!!"	4	3	7
621	"@ORGANIZATION1, In today's age computers are seen everywhere and they have been so helpful. They act as an information highway and connect people together. The new advances in technology have had a positive effect on humans all over. First off, computers are an easy way to have a universe of information at your fingertips. @PERCENT1 of students at @ORGANIZATION2 say that when assigned or paper or project the first source they use is from the internet. "The internet is fast, simple and reliable when you know how to use it." said student @PERSON1. Children from the age of @NUM1 and up are learning how to use the internets multiple online encyclopidias, amagazines, newssites or other resources to get information. I remember my kindergarden computer class where we'd reserch dinnosaurs and weather patterns on kid friendly websites. And now being in middle school we use websites like @CAPS1 Online for up to date reliable information. Moreover, I've seen my mom, a nurse and hospital manager, use the internet for videos and articles on how to do certian procederes and ways to orginnaize a productive hospital. The internet is a great way to have a highway of information at the touch of a button. Furthermore, computers are used as a way for people to stay in touch. @PERCENT2 of teenagers say they talk to other peers using @CAPS2, @CAPS3, @CAPS4 or @CAPS5. Its a great way for us to communicate with our busy schedules when we can't always get together. Also with parents losing jobs in this ecconomic downfall, kids are always moving. Last @DATE1 one of my best friends in the world moved all the way to @LOCATION1. I though we'd never talk again and I was so upset to say goodbye, but because of @CAPS6 and @CAPS5 we talk non-stop and have accually never been closer. And its not just for young people to fool around with friends but adults use social network too. They connect for buissness through the internet and talk about future deals or problems and even use it to connect with old friends they haven't spoken to since college or childhood. As you can see the internet has had many positive effects from doing reserch faster to connecting with old friends, computers ar helping everyone."	5	4	9
622	"I think we need our computers. If we dont have competer's we wont be able to connect to our family that could live in anther state or country. I no how there is texting now but some people dont even have phones or nothing how can you connect to them you cant call it might not be free with the phone palan you have. If a family member coms and visits you they would probuly email you about it but if there is no computers they can't tell when there coming. Are they gong do show unispectly they might not even be home and if they show up without them knowing there out of luck. And we exersize on our overtime we pick what time and we do it and if we play a sport were enjoying nature some people might have job's that take place outside of if. There are nerd's that are on computers all day long but in sure they enjoy nature I dont know about exersizing but they have a car and every thing they drive and things. Also, about the exersizing every on has to exersize to stay in shape im pretty sure people dont want to be fat there whole life they want to look good and feel good about there self. If it is a holiday or something and people want to send them something to wish then of whetever holiday it is. There not gonna be able to see them in person if they live so far away inless they plan to meet each other but even if they do that there gonna want to email then not call were it costs money and texting only comes with sertain plan's of phones so all there is left is emailing. Sometimes, people will more fron of you that your ollways on the computer if your not dont worry at least you get to email your family that you dont ever seen. These reasons are my opinion that dont get rid of computers and other things."	4	3	7
623	Dear newspapper I don't think that computers benefit our society. I don’t believe that computers can be dangerous they make people lazy and you can be easily scammed on the computer. One reason why I don’t think that computers benefit society is because it is very dangerous. Computers are dangerous because people can get kidnapped or herrassed. The town of @LOCATION1 police @CAPS1 says that over @PERCENT1 of kidnappings are from people that were met on social networks such as myspace and facebook. The police cheif also says that their are many cusses about people being herrassed by stalkers or people trying to harm them. Another reason why I dont think computers benifit us is because you can be scammed very easily on the computer. @PERCENT2 of people say that they have lost large ammounts of money due to credit card scam's on the computer. On computers their are sites that will act as if they are selling you something and take your credit card number and all of the other information that you give them and they will take your card and buy thing with it and you will have to pay for it credit card companies say that most credit card scams and frauds happen over the computer. The final reason why I don't believe that computers benifit us is because they make people lazy. Computers make people lazy because they are packed with a bunch of fun things like video games and you can watch videos and you could shop and you could see just about anything on a computer. I did some research and found that @PERCENT3 of people that are over weight have account's on multiple sites on computers. These are the reasons why I dont think computers benifit us. I hope you too heed to my advice.	4	4	8
624	"Do you remember the last time you locked something up on the computer? Many people use Computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society. Those who support a trances in technology believe that computer have a positive effect on people. I support computers because they help with writing, locking up information and provide communication. One reason I support computers is because they help with writing. You can tell I do not have the greatest hand writing. To help this, I type almost all of my papers. Computers can also help people with spelling and gramar. There are even systems now that let you say something and @CAPS1 will appear on the screen. This is just one reason I support computers. Next, computers are benifical because of the information they can provide. ""before computers you would need to go to the libary and find around ten books that might not even have what your looking for. Now you can find hundreds of articals on any topic in minutes. The amount of information out there is un imageinable. I think computers are a great of technology because of the information they can provide. Finally, I believe computer are a benifit to us because of comunication. One term of communication that came out recently is @CAPS2. @CAPS1 is a website that let's you sent messages to a friend, share picture, videos and many more things. E-mail let's you send letters to people via internet instantly. I could go on forever about forms of comunication on the internet. This is the last reason I support computers. Computers are a great benifit to society. They help with writing, communication, and everyone could benifit form computers."	4	4	8
625	"Computers, are very popular these days. Many people use computers for research, jobs, shopping, homework, and more. Although, some people think computers take up too much of our time and that it prevents society from interacting with friends and family. What's great about computers is that, you can chat with your friends and family online or even have a video chat with them. So, you're never really avoiding your friends and family. Another thing that is great about computers is, you can research anything you need to, for projects, jobs, homework, and things for school, etc. The top websites people use for resources are, @CAPS1.com @LOCATION1. etc. Computers are also great for typing out reports , making powerpoints for jobs and projects, and so much more! Anything you could think of is most likely found in a computer. As, you can see a computer is so helpful and is a great resource. having a computer at home is much better than taking a trip down to the public library save time and money from taking all those trips and get your own personal library ny getting a computer. you never know what new technology could bring."	3	3	6
626	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, Computers are an amazing piece of technology, but some people are beginning to abuse the @CAPS2. There are many benefits to having a computer. In my opinion I think that computers help people out a lot such as looking up directions or even chatting with some old friends. But many People are abusing the @CAPS2 and not @CAPS1 when to get off. The @CAPS2 is a very fun thing to be on but when your on it for too long, you miss out on family acvivitys, hanging out with friends etc. I think that there should be a time limit for everyone on the computer. If we had something that would shut off othe computer but save everything you were doing, People would go out more and be more active. Eventhough people @MONTH1 be learning about things on the computer, you have to know when to get off. Now on the @CAPS2 there are websites where you can watch exercize videos or if you even want to buy some exercize equiptment etc. The @CAPS2 can be a pretty handy thing but you dont want to be on it for long periods of time. I believe that having a computer can be a very cool thing to have and very useful when you need it. But there should be time limits for how long people stay on the computer."	4	4	8
627	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 you probably have seen there is a lot of controversy over wether computers are helpful or harmful. I for one agree computers are helpful because, they help you learn about new things, talk to people around the world, and try new things. For instance have you ever wondered what the capital of @LOCATION6 is? Well with the you could find that answer in the blink of an eye, that's because the internet gives you unparraellel information that no book has. The internet seally lets you see what is happening in or world because there are various news sources, and blogs on the internet, @PERSON1 do you remember the earthquake in @LOCATION4 well I sure do, because I found it out on the internet. You can also find directions to places, sports stats and about different places. Well whats a better way to find out a bout those than talking with people who live there? I don't think anything is, seriously is it better reading about @LOCATION5 or talking to someone in @LOCATION5? Thats the beauty of the internet is it bonds the world together into a tighter realationship, I remember chatting with people from @LOCATION3 while the gold medal game @PERSON3. Sure some people would say that you could meet someone in person from a different country, well how would you meet someone from @LOCATION2 in @LOCATION1, because I never have. People could say go to the place to talk to the person and, with the internet, it's very possible. Have you @PERSON1 wanted to go to @PERSON4? Well with the internet all you need is your credit card and you could be there tomorrow because the internet allows you to try new things. Have you ever wanted to try pingpong, it so you could or does a set offline and have it shipped to you in a couple of days, I always wanted to go to a zoo but, I didn't know of any, so I used the internet and see school for zoos near @LOCATION1, @LOCATION1 and before I could move the results for @PERSON2 zoo were right infront of me. That is why the internet is very helpful. To sum it all up the internet is very helpful to people who use it correctly, but I agree that the internet can be inappropriate. With blackson the not needed sites the internet can do almost anything."	5	4	9
628	"Dear @CAPS1, The computers that are being used, do have a positive effect on people. For example, there's better communication with friends and family, you get instant news on any topic, and you get advanced education. Imagine if no important business was trying to be in contact with you by cell phone, but you missed the call. No worries the person no contact you by a simple email. Computers are also a positive effect because if you have a facebook, or other interacting werbsites, you know what's going on in your friends life all the time without having the to by reaching them all the to see how they are doing. Every adult watching the news at night before they go to bed to see what has @CAPS2, what if you went to bed early. How would you know what happened? That's when you would go online and check what you missed, you could've missed out on what happened in @LOCATION2 and @LOCATION3, or missed out on the wars to the @LOCATION1, or even tragedies that happened right near you. Not only will you have better communication and the news at the top of your fingers, but you will also have advanced education. If a student is doing a science project, but the work doesn't contain all the information the can The internet is a way to expands education. Also, there are and various more. Therefor, computers do have a positive effect on people you can stay communicated, updated with the latest news and have an advance education "	4	4	8
629	"Dear @PERSON2 ""@CAPS1, @CAPS1"" I'm sure you all have heard the sound of a mouse or people typing if you have walk into an office, our local library, a doctor's office, or even our districts schools. The reality is that computers and the world-wide-web is seem and used everywhere. Without a computer, how would @CAPS3 be able to access our emails, interact with family memmber across the ocean and finish that research paper out teacher has assigned us? In my opinion, computers hace a phenomenal affect on people and their lives. The computer helps develope hand-eye coordination, learn about specifil subjects and interact with people on the computer. Therefore, with such positive affects, @CAPS3 should keep using this wonderful technology and get our jobs done. Have you ever walked into your schools lab or walked into a office building and all you could hear was the clicking of mouses or the buttons being pressed down on the keyboard? Well, not only is a job being completed, but you are also exercising I remember last month when my class was assigned a five page essay. After the second page, my hands hurt very badly, @CAPS4, not only was i completing my essay, I was also exercising my hands. Not only does computers allow you to exercise, it also helps develops hand-eye coordination. Have you ever played a game where you had to cath fist, or playes a fast-pasle game of pinball? Well, those games require one key thing i hand-eye coordination. Computers are very helpful in todays world. The computer and the world-wide-web is useful in several other ways too. The internet also allows you to learn about certain subject or events you might not have a book for. My bestfriend, @PERSON1, called me one day from the train. On the phone, she was frantic because she was giving a speech and she did not know what the statistic was for type @CAPS5 diabetes. What do you do when you have no book for a specific subject? @PERSON3 went on her laptop and found all the information she she dit not know. this is just another way the quick acces to a computer benefits people. ""You've got mail"" I'm sure you have all heard this before. Besides communicating through letters or on the telephone, the internet has also given us more ways for fast communication. when you need to confirm a meeting place or ask your classmate what problems were assigned homework, what could be a fast mean of communication? Sending a instant message, or e-mail are two ways of course. Not only does computers allow you to communicate quickly but also privately. Both your e-mail account and you instant message account have passwords so that only you can access them. Every four out of five households have a computer avalable for completing assignments, checking, e-mails and learning about the, that happend in @LOCATION1 last week. The computer has put a positive affect on numerous people and their everyday need. In my opinion, the computer has been one of the best technologies in history. This amazing technology has helped students, teachers, doctors, police officers and even you bank aggents serve our community and make it a better one. Thank-you."	6	5	11
630	"Dear Local Newspaper: @CAPS1 you know that over half our nation own home computers? Recently, though, some experts have been concerned whether or not computers benefit society. I have been asked to state my opinion and I believe computers have a positive effect becuase, they are mandatory for work, allow online socialization, and expand traveling. After reading this, I am sure you will agree. Firstly, computers are mandatory to have for work and @ORGANIZATION1. Students keep their essays, study guides, and home work updates on files in the @CAPS5. Offices would not be able to function @CAPS8 computers; workers rely on the internet email system. An interviews with a student from @ORGANIZATION1 says, ""I use my @CAPS5 for everything; I would not survive the workload @CAPS8 @CAPS3."" @CAPS2 asked why, he replied, ""@CAPS3 keeps everything organized, and is an easier way to research topics."" A lawyer said, ""You can not support a client if you don't have the right tools, and a @CAPS5 is on @MONEY1 those tools."" @CAPS4, @CAPS8 computers offices would crumble and students grades would drop. Could you imagine writing a newspaper @CAPS8 a @CAPS5? Secondly internet access allows people to meet new people. Many websites such as '@CAPS6' and '@CAPS7' allow people to reconnect with old friends, and make new ones. @PERCENT1 @MONEY1 the nation owns accounts on socializing websites, and @PERCENT2 @MONEY1 the nation says their friend groups have expanded to the groups (according to a poll taken). A psychologist explains, ""Some people are too shy to meet new friends in person; online bloom."" @CAPS8 internet, citizens @MONEY1 @LOCATION1 would know little about other countries' people. My next reason, however is even greater. Lastly, @CAPS8 internet, people would do for less traveling. Internet allows citizens to research places they would like to visit and buy transportation to their destination. @CAPS3 also is an easy and effective way @MONEY1 booking where the tourist shall stay. Apoll taken by @ORGANIZATION2 airports shows that @PERCENT3 @MONEY1 the travelers book their flights online and @CAPS8 online ticketing 'the wait to book your flights would be unbearabley long; or stop travelers completely' (quote from a worker). My people and I went to various airports and train stations across the country and interviewed @NUM1 people each. We inquired about how the bought their tickets and @PERCENT4 @MONEY1 them said online. ""@CAPS9 do you mean, how? On the internet @MONEY1 course! no one could get anywhere if we stood in lines all day!"" said a person interviewed. Airports make @MONEY1 for the @LOCATION2 government, and @CAPS8 internet less people would travel. There for, computers are mandatory. Computers have a positive effect on owners; since they allow easy organization and research, online socializing and better ways @MONEY1 booking transportation. @CAPS8 computers internet access, our business would crumble, then the economy would follow. I know you agree with me."	6	6	12
631	"Computers have many effects on people these days. Most of them are very good effects that can lead you to become more self-confident. Computers can educate people, from learning about some ancient person to doing school projects. Also computers entertain people too. Lastly it can even increase you chances of finding a job or helping out your job. For most people education is very important to but since kids don't stay in school @NUM1 they use the computer to teach to kids kids can learn about other places. This benefits us because we're learning something and growing out our knowledge. Also kids can do their projects. For example writing on essay, their science fair project and so on. Lastly kids can learn about people from other times. For example famous musicians long ago, celebrities, legends, hall of famers etc. People always look for some kind of entertainment and the first place they ever go is the computer. Everyone likes enetertainment and the computer in the the best plan. They could play a variety of games. Games from the past or gaems from the future. There is also a whole bunch of : multiplayer, figure, castle defense, shnaler sports, racing, acade, and so on. Another fun thing to do is interact with friends online or even talk to any family don't live near you. Lastly, you could watch funny videos, sad videos and music videos. Another that computers effect people is their of finding or help on their . the computer can teach people what they will do on their job, and what to expect. Also, it can let you search for jobs. In your. Finally, it can help them for allowing them to a web page. In conclusions computers have people. It can increase their education, give them entertainment, and even help out on their job, or help them find a job."	4	4	8
632	"Studies show that @PERCENT1 of people that are addicted to computers are not fit and don't play sports. I have a computer at home and I know how much fun it is talking to your friends on @CAPS1 or whatever you talk to your friends are. If you're not fit and don't enjoy the beauty of nature you will not know how to live a good life. I'm not saying that you won't get anywhere in life, but it won't be much interesting. I play lots of sports and I love them all. I am fit and yes I do like going on @CAPS1 and chatting with my friends, but thats not as important as is breathing fresh air and playing sports with your friends. Yes, the computer has all different kinds of bad stuff and good stuff. I mean you could learn about faraway places with out going there, but then what would be the fun of that. For an example, if you go to @LOCATION1 for snowboarding, dont you feel great when your going down that @CAPS3? I know I do instead of being home on the computer. Nature is beautiful I am thankful to god of giving us that beauty and all animals. It makes life better, georgus. I love taking hikes with my family up a @CAPS3. That fresh air you can't get anywhere else or even riding your @CAPS5 up a trail, the beauty of that is unbelievable, you can't find it any other place. Doctors show that @PERCENT2 of people that spend time more than @NUM1 hours a day on a computer have glasses or have a very poor vision. All those people didn't want poor vision but beacuse of the computer they got that wich really stinks. Now as you can you see computers really can change your life. So that's your discision. Pick wrong from right, all up to YOU. Now make it."	4	4	8
633	"Computers are used world wide everyday, and most of the time @CAPS2 is used for a good reason. Computers help out by making @CAPS2 possible to get all the info you want, like for a trip. @CAPS1 you wanted to go to a close but fancy restaurant you @MONTH1 use a computer so you know how far. Computers also help out, making @CAPS2 possible to talk to friends that you haven't seen for years. @CAPS2 is also great way to meet new people. Let's say you are really stressed at work or school and you forget your book, you can usually bring @CAPS2 up on the computer and do @CAPS2 there. First, computers help out with traveling, sight seeing and lots more. When you travel, dont you want to know everything? And the biggest detail you want to know is the cost and the computer can usually give you a close to exact price for everything. Now that help's out a bunch when your traveling the world. And also when your site seeing you usually want to find either the most amazing or romantic spot were you are. And @CAPS1 you type in ""the most romantic spot in somers"" @CAPS2 should come up with a bunch of spots. So dont drive to miles just to get a map or brochure, use your computer and print one off. Second, @CAPS1 there was a friend you haven't seen in years and you want to talk, you can go on the computer. The computer helps in so many ways @CAPS2 could even tell you were this person lives and you could surprise visit him/her. When your on the computer, you can even meet new friends and have conversations with them. and even meet them someday. And @CAPS1 you and that new friend get along then mabey you and that person could be best friends. So @CAPS1 you haven't seen or talked to someone in a while that you knew use the computer to have a chat. Third, say your teacher or boss yelled at you today and no one has been nice to you all day and you forget your homework book or paperwork. Were do you go? the computer, @CAPS2 can bring most any paper work or work book you need to get the job done. @CAPS1 you forgot your homework book, you dont want to get a falling grade. on this homework. So you go to your computer from there. And @CAPS1 you forgot your paper work, and @CAPS1 you didn't finish this project for work tonight you would be fired, you could just go on the computer, find the work and finish @CAPS2. Also save your job. So that why computers help out so much in this lifetime. Last, that is why in this lifetime you need computers. They help us with our vacation trips. They help with conversation with old friends we haven't seen forever. Also they help with your school and job work. At least @PERCENT1 of our population use computers every day and with out them our society would colaps/ @DATE1. So think about the decision you are making and @CAPS1 @CAPS2 will benefit our society or make our society @DATE1 to its knees."	4	5	9
634	"Dear @PERSON1, The use of computers is not beneficial to our society. I fear that many kids will suffer from child hood obeasity, this is because of the inactiveness of so many teenagers my age. They @CAPS1 could be enjoying life outdoors and staying active, but they choose to sit infront of a screen all day, everyday. Researchers have proven inactiveness is at large due to many, facebook, mysape and twitter users. These websites are nothing but trouble, other than being unhealthy, teenagers all over are being cyber bullied, to the verge of suicide. Many are not aware of the several pedifiles and creepos these sights carry, which can lead to abduction, rape or worse. By staying active and being outdoors with your friends could save you from these dangers. Go outside run a little, you would be amazed how much a little exercise can help you. Also I firmly believe time should be spent with your family, doing family activities and eating dinner with your parents. By doing this you become closer as a family, and it could help you make healthier choices keep exercise. I believe by following these simple steps, staying active, staying off the computer and spending time with the family. Is much more beneficial than learning how to type, or talking to your friends. Using the computer leads to cyber bulling, and dangerous people, living healthy is the way to be."	4	3	7
635	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, Computers have a positive impact on people. Although people aren't outside being active, computers still benefit in a good way. Computers teach hand-eye coordination they're convient and you can interact online with diffrent types of people. Surely, computers teach hand-eye coordination. There are many website on the internet that teach kids to type. Typing helps kids learn the alphabet, learn what the letters look like and shows them where the keys are. Also, there are other sites where the computer interacts with you. Last, there are many kids even adults who have disiexing and get their letters jumbled, but there are softwares where when you type it will say what letter you have typed. Therefore computer teach hand-eye coordination. Have you ever been one of those students who write their papers, but get bad grades because their handwriting was messy? Using a computer is more convient and will make your due assignment as neat as ever. First, computer are convient because you have the answer to any question just at the click of button. Next, theres no need to spend money and go buy a book to look up research just research online for free. Finally, it is convinient for teachers and your employees, because if you need to send in a paper do it via-email. Getting a paper by email is much easier than getting it in pen with samples. Computer are convient in many ways. Computers allow people @NUM1 video chat and talk online. First, there are many families who have at least one member who lives in a different place. Computer allow families to see each other online. Without ever leaving their state. Next, there are other families who have a mom, dad, husband or wife in the army and haven't seen each other in person in years, but see each other on line. Lastly, there are many students and teachers who teach and learn online. This is easy for most people who have busy lives. Therefore you can interact online. As you can see computers have a positive effect. They teach hand eye coordination. They supply online chat, and are very convient. So next time you go to the library to research a book, stay at home do the same online."	5	5	10
636	"Dear Local newspaper, @CAPS1 to this article more and more people use computers, and the people who support advances in technology believe computers have a posotive effect on people. I disagree on you part. I believe that computers can ruin your life, and make you go blind. Firstly, computers can ruind your life if. you stay on them for too long. Computers is a little device that can almost let you do anything on it. The computer can let you look ups where your friends live, you can play tons of games ect. I remember this one time when I was watching channel @NUM1 news and a @NUM2 years kid fainted from playing a computer game for too long. See, I told you that they can ruin your life all it takes is a couple of hours to like the computer. Secondly, computers can make you go blind because the screen of the computer is too close. The computer is built so you can do things on it, but unfortunatly the screen was screwed in too close so when you have to see something on your computer you literly have to stick your face on top of the screen. I remember one time when my dad bought a @ORGANIZATION1, my dad was on that computer all day and when he got off it his eyes were blood shot, the mont after that he got glasses. See, I told you stickig you face too close to a computer screen can hurt your eyes. In conclusion, the computer can ruin your life and can make you go blind. The computer is bad for you, so you should stop and think about what I wrote in this persuasive letter."	3	4	7
637	"Dear @CAPS1, I belive that people are spending to much time one computors. I belive this and I have @CAPS7 reasons why. @CAPS2 first reason is that people waste money on it. Also every thing they get from the computer you get from book. And finaly @CAPS2 reason is because of the ""@CAPS8 crises."" @CAPS2 first reason for say that people spend to much time on the computer is that people waste two much money on it. I belive this because of your electric bill and and @CAPS3 bill. The people who have computer electric bill is always very high and for reason they are forced to pay @NUM1 or more dollars on electricity. This is also true becuse of the constant charging of laptops or running of computors. Also they have to pay @NUM2 and odd dollars on the @CAPS3 bill to keep the @CAPS3 connection. So that bocome a total of @NUM3 and odd dollars going down the dawn. @CAPS2 second reason for this is that anything and every thing you can get on the @CAPS3 you can get from books. I belive this because where do you think the website makers get there info from. Reading books also increase your knoledge so that at any time you can quickly come up with an answer. Another reason is that some website are not always accurate with their information. @CAPS2 third and final reason for this is that we are all dealing with this ""@CAPS8 crisis."" @CAPS7 people every day are getting less and less active because of computers. This I cause less people to be phisicaly active and less fit. And the @LOCATION1 is suffering because of it. Less and less people are joining the army because of this crises and computor are sadly con triputing to the world wide crisis. I eagerly hope that @CAPS2 letter hase helped you see @CAPS2 point of view on this subject. To show that people spend to much time on there computer because its a waste of money, anything you can get from a computor you can get from book, and because of the ""@CAPS8 crisis""."	4	4	8
638	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I think computers are good to society, because you can read the news paper online, email your friends and family, and can play games and watch videos or movies. Knowing the latest news is very important, news paper are okay but you have to pay for them with the news paper online you can get the latest news for free! This way you can save money and trees. Heres another way of saving trees. E-mailing is a good to talk so some one far away and it's a lot faster than just regular old mailing. E-mail is also good for e-mailing links to cool websites, on e-mail can send a funny picture or a video or an important notice. So, Computers can be your news paper and a good and fast way of communication. It also can be useful for entertainment. Computers are one of the most popular entertainment sources. Computers allow you to go on game sites, watch videos or movies or play on online game on just a regular @CAPS1 game. I know whenever I'm bore I go on my computer and I can always find something to don on line or find a movie to watch. So, computers are very popular, in many areas computers are helpful in news, communication, and entertainment. People just need to look at the positive aspects of computers, then they will see how great they are"	3	3	6
639	I think computers help people out because you can learn about at here thing like @CAPS1 you want a job you can look it up in the computers. Also @CAPS1 you have a problem they will help you out. @CAPS1 you what to go some where you could go and be on the computer and look how it is and @CAPS1 you like it you could go @CAPS1 not look some where else you what to go. I think it a great thing @CAPS1 you look for people in the computer because you could talk to them and see them it realy cool. You can look for coltures in your computer what you want to learn. Like @CAPS1 you have a favert person you what to know about you can look it up in the computer and she videos or you can look up different sites it really cool. There games you can play online there alot of game and fun game learning games. Math game science game different games you what. Also you can us othere people that are planing the game game as you. It realy cool. I think the computer isn't bad for people computer help them a lot.	3	3	6
640	"Dear local newspaper, In my opinion I feel like to many people spend to much time on the @ORGANIZATION1. People are getting obeast because there not getting enoff exersoce. Children are going on the @ORGANIZATION1 instead of doing there homework. Maybe perhaps a fmaily member is dieing and you rather spend time on the @ORGANIZATION1 instead of with that family member. all of this things are happening because of the computers everyone is getting. This can not be true! That over @PERCENT1 of the people inNew @CAPS1 say that they are putting on a lot of waight and turning obeast. I asked them what do they think is this to happen. Someone named @PERSON1 said the reason is the computers there taking over people lifes. The computers is the enomy of the people that it is a affecting most in life. Me as a child a @ORGANIZATION1 is throwing me off of my homework. I use to have A's and b's on my report card only. Right now it turned in to @CAPS2 and @ORGANIZATION1's are changing my life drastikly but not in a good way. As you know it your child could be going threw, the same terible things as me. You should start to check there homework instead of them just going on there @ORGANIZATION1 and forgetting all about there work life I did. Try and provent this. running down your face and feeling disaponted in your self. The one you love good past u way and you did not even spend time with he or she. Wanse again the thing that is called @ORGANIZATION1 did this. The disigen that you made because of the @ORGANIZATION1 would and is going to scare you for life. We the people that have computers would find out that they were never made for a good purpose just to distray what we do and how we spend times with are familys and friends. Turn your head and say no to the one thing that would reck you into little peases. How do you feel? I feel bad because I let something so little mess up my life. You still have time to change your life and say no to the computers. They could make you turn obeast because you are not getting enoff exersice. The one you love could be messing up because of the @ORGANIZATION1 that you have in your house. The worst thing of all you were not able to spend time with the family member that you love the most. The computers that we have are missing your life us you no it up. Just say no to the computers and live your life the best way that you could. Don't you feel bad that you let something so little ruen your live!?!"	5	4	9
641	"Dear newspaper, I think computers are good for you because talk online, teach hand eye coordination, and other stuff too. One reason @CAPS9 he helps you with your hand eye coordination for example teach you how you look while typing. @CAPS3 we don’t learn hand eye coordination we won't know how to do other stuff that @CAPS9 hand eye coordination. The second reason @CAPS9 @CAPS1 you have a webcam you can use @CAPS1 for example when a family member @CAPS9 living in a different state you can see their face and talk to them like you do in person. The last reason @CAPS9 searching the web because @CAPS3 you want to get @CAPS4 ticits for a trip look online. @CAPS1's the best way to get them. researcher say @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people say getting online @CAPS9 the best way because you can see when the @CAPS4 take off, when the next @CAPS4 also when to come back home. All in all I say that compuetrs are a good thing because they help with you hand eye coordination also. @CAPS3 you have a web cam you can see family members from different states and see the face and talk to them like you are talking In person. The last thing @CAPS9 searching the web for @CAPS4 tickets @CAPS3 you want to go somewhere far a way go online and see when the @CAPS4 and comes back because researchers says that @NUM1 out of @NUM2 People say that getting online for @CAPS4 ticket @CAPS9 the best way to get them. Ask your self woild you like to have the web to seach or not?"	3	3	6
642	"Dear Local Newspaper, everday @CAPS1 technology is developed. One of the biggest and most popular machines in the technocle society is, the computer. Some people don't like computers. The think computers are ruining social skills and healthy bodys. The reason I'm writing to you is to presuade those people to realize the greatness that lies inside a computer. For starters computers help us recive/give @CAPS8. One of the great featurs that computers give is email. Without email, we would be completley out of the loop. For example @CAPS2 there is a snowday at your childs school, you recive an email from the usper intendent saying school si cancled. Without that email, we woulden't be able to know that @CAPS8. Another example, @CAPS6 say that you lost your voice to a terrible cold. You don't feel good and need to call work to report being sick. Now you're stuck because you have no voice. @CAPS2 you had a computer, you could have simply emailed your boss. Another posative tool computers gives us is making communicating esayer. With all of the social networking now avalible like @CAPS4, twitter , @CAPS3 and yahoo messanger. It nearly impossible not to stay in contact with friends and faimly using @CAPS4, you can look up old friends and faimly. Once youve found them, you can friend request them and become online friends. Once youre online friends you can instant message, video chat, look at their status, and browse their photos. So with a computer @CAPS7 nearly impossible not to be able to keep in touch. The last and final reason computers are great is because, they make shopping much esayer. @CAPS2 you have used amazon, ebay or overstock, you know what I'm talking about you can buy almost anything online. From electronics to @CAPS5 animals. The list is endless. With a computer you can even get your house hold groceries online. For example @CAPS6 say your home from work with explosive diharrea. But @CAPS7 @DATE1 so you need to go grociery shopping. You've been on the toilet @PERCENT1 of the day and alls youve got is your laptop. Well you can shop online. So as you can see computers help us communicate, shop and get and recive @CAPS8."	4	5	9
643	"Do you know that square box with a screen on @CAPS11? Or that rectangular snaped objected with letters on @CAPS11? Or that other rectangular box where you put a disk, a usb, and you turn @CAPS11 on at. All that is a computer. Yes! @CAPS11 is fun, you @CAPS3 play games, go on internet, watch videos, and check your mail. If you had a computer everything would be easy but @CAPS2 nor. @NUM1 reasons why is if you have kids and they go on your computer you have at home @CAPS11 @CAPS3 cause them addiction, @CAPS11 @CAPS3 be inaproprite, and @CAPS11 could be exspensive. Pleases near my reasons and give me a fighting chance. The first reason why computers are bad because @CAPS11 @CAPS3 cause addition to your child. @CAPS12 a problem because your child bother you and say, ""@CAPS1 or @CAPS7 @CAPS3 I go on the computer pleace"". And you say yes and when you let thom on they will be happy when you say. ""@CAPS2 time to act off the computers"" they will say ""@CAPS3 I stay on just for a little longer or I dont wanna act off @CAPS4 in a middle of a game."" @CAPS5 when they finnally act of and thir nexted day they will ask you again ""@CAPS6 or @CAPS7 @CAPS3 I go on the computer"" and if you say ""@CAPS8"" they will cry and throw a temper And the more you let them on the they will wanna stay @CAPS9 if you say, ""@CAPS8"" you will get a The second reason why @CAPS2 a bad thing to have a computer is because @CAPS11 @CAPS3 inaproprite, @CAPS11 @CAPS3 be inaproprite because you child is growing up he or she will go ento the internet and lat a things like nude pictures or videos about a or a that world to lead your child having sexual intercorse. There you will but at the age of @NUM2 to @NUM3 years old and you they of inaproprate a computer @CAPS3 do. @CAPS9 last but not least the last reasons why a computer is bad because they are computers cost about @MONEY1 more a days and you @CAPS3 broth your computer and @CAPS11 will cost you a lot get @CAPS11 fixed or to get a new one and they will be on @CAPS11 even more or they @CAPS3 press @CAPS11 up trust me I know. @CAPS5 @CAPS12 why a computer isnt always a good thing. Now that you hav heard my reasons I hope you take this info consederations and think about @CAPS11 you really want a computer or not they are good and easy but they also have some bad side effects. All the facts are true ans I say about @NUM4 people in the world go threw computers every year @CAPS5 think hard. Do you"	4	4	8
644	"Dear Newspaper of @LOCATION1, The use of the computer is a controversial topic. Many people have varying opinions & beliefs, But I personally believe that computers have a positive effect on the people who use & operate them. These remarkable devices give people the ability to talk & be social with friends and family members. They let people know what is going on in the world, and give updates on the condition of countries and events. They will also provide information, and give people the ability to research and learn more about a topic or idea. A computer is a necessity in todays society, & to go against it is a proposterous motion. Many people young & old are starting to use the computer to be social with friends & family members through various types of websites & programs. A computer is to talk to someone without physically being there. The social aspect of a computer is rising in popularity and many people are using computers to be social. Social networking sites, and instant messaging programs are just two at the many ways to be socially active on a computer. A social networking site as a website that allows you to make an account and post pictures and information for your friends to see. To take away the computer would take away many peoples social lives. The computer benefits many people socially and this has a positive effect on their lives. Todays news is always with exciting events and horrible disaters that many people like to be updated with. Most people do not like to wait for the newspaper to arrive to read about the fastest news. So they check online and find about it there. Online news is widely popular & extremely beneficial to many people. It provides them with the lastest stories and updated events. Online news was extremely crucial in the lastest disaster, the earthquake in @LOCATION2. Because online news is so fast and easy to acess. People were donating & helping @LOCATION2 just a day after the earthquake happened. The fast response is what is helping @LOCATION2 rebuild from the rubble. Computers provide people with online news & this is definitely beneficial to their lives. Before people starting using computers to research topics & ideas they would use books. They would have to shuffle through piles of pages and articles in newspapers. This is a very inefficient & disorganized way to be research. Now we have the computer. The computer allows you to recall through endless information and topics. It is not possible to an article or essay with information because it will always be in the same place. This allows for guide and efficient research. There are also websites called online databases on the internet. All have to do is type in a keyword or phrase and you have instant research on whatever you wont you wont information on. All this takes time off of research and put it on whatevers else you would wanting to be doing, whether it is writing a paper or doing a presentation. The computer allows for quick and beneficial research. The computer hasn't been in use for that long and it is already helping society expand & grow. It provides a social aspect where you can talk to friends & family. You can provide yourself with the lastest news & stories, and you can do quick & easy research. A computer without a doubt has a positive effect on society and we as people. The experts can say what they want, but the computer is and always will be benefit to society."	5	5	10
645	"To whomever this @MONTH1 concern, @ORGANIZATION1, almost everyone has them. Computers can make it easier to find certain places by using search engines such as @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 they are also a way of communication. I believe people using computers does benifit society because scientists use computers every day, to make the plans to send a ship into space or to keep progress of an experiment. Computers help people stay organized. A lot of teens and kids use their computers to shop and stay in touch with friends. Some people belive people spend to much time on computers. That @MONTH1 be true, but also remember what its doing for society. When people spend less time exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with family and friends its a personal choice. Its not like their being obliged by the @ORGANIZATION1."	3	3	6
646	"Dear Local Newspaper, I have been asked to write a letter stating @CAPS5 opinion on the effects, computers have on people. Some experts have been worried people are not spending enough time outside, but most people are not spending enough time outside, but most people support advances in technology. During this time, computers are becoming more and more popular. They are very helpful in many ways. They allow you to learn new things, are very helpful for school and work, and they can keep family an friends connected. Computers have a positive and helpful effect on people. To begin, computers help you learn new things. If ever there is a question no one knows the answer to ""@CAPS1 it!"" @CAPS1 along with many other search engines are an easy way to find what you are looking for. For example, one day a few of @CAPS5 family friends come over we were eating dinner. the discution lead to the question of ""who is the @CAPS6 that plaies @CAPS3 in the @CAPS4?"" @CAPS5 little sister typed ""@CAPS6 of @CAPS3 in the movie the @CAPS4"" and @CAPS9! There it is @PERSON1. Just like that, computers help to get questions answered fast. Computers also help you learn new things like typing skills. just learning how to work them is a new skill. A recent poll shows that @PERCENT2 of people in nursing homes who learn how to use the computer have much better brain function. Although, there are much stronger reasons as to why computers have a positive effect on people. Furthermore, computers help people with work and school. Computers help you send e-mails for work, make slide shows for presentations, and keep calendars so you can be organised and on time. @PERCENT1 of people use computers in some way to benifit in work."	5	5	10
647	"Dear, @CAPS1 I would like to tell you something. Throughout the ages we have been evolving, from caveman discovering fire to discovering how to fly. With evoloution we discovered technology and in recent years we have been making new technologies rapidly. Some say that some technology like computers are bad, I think that computers are good because they give you the ability to learn about for away places. let you talk to people online and teach hand-eye coordination. Computers let you go places that you ordinarilly wouldn't be able to go to. If you were doing a research projects on @LOCATION1 and you didn't have any books what would you use? That's right, a computer the internet would have the facts you needed, so you could grade. While on the internet you could talk to friends and family who @MONTH1 live for away. The computer goes over long distances and connects both computers so you can bend writing almost instantly. Without computers you wouldn't be able to get in touch with these people. Using computers is good for the body as well as the mind. It helps you with your hand-eye coordination. When you see things on the screen and go to chick it you are actually helping out your body. Some people say that when you are on the computer you aren't interacting with friends and family, but they are wrong. I myself have talked with my sister in a different room while using the computer so the computer lets you interact with friends and family too! I love computers, don't you?"	4	4	8
648	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 much do computers affect our life? I have always thought of that question. Technology is getting up to the roof and it makes our life more easier, but have you ever thought that maybe technology might take people's work? In everyday of our live we see something new that comes out and becomes an easy tool for us. But what about us? Since technology come out people has become not the same; for example cars, by having them people doesn't walk and not even exersice, they don't spend too much time with their family and friends and lastly people miss thousands of wonderful things that happend outside. I just think that technology like computers take a whole quater of our life by mostly doing the work for us. First, have you ever, notice that people get obiese so fast? I know the answer to that question. The obesitity in @LOCATION1 is getting worst, people are getting fattier by just been in a cautch and sitting with a computer and eating, what exersise are they doing there? People doesn't exersise anymore, instead of them playing games like, soccer, volley-ball, baseball or even running, @CAPS3!! They are at the computer playing games that doesn't do anything good. I have asked people about what they think about this and this is what a woman answer, "" I htink that people doesn't think about their health, they just think to make life easier"". I agree with her; obisitty could bring you to the hospital and you don't want that. Second, have you ever asked your self about @CAPS2 much time you ever spend with friends and family? Well think of that. Maybe you got a computer because you were spending too much time outside bu not with your family, but you can see that you're probably most of the time at home since you bought your computer, but not with your family. Spending time with your family is so important because you might miss so many wonderful things. For example family parties, or just watching a show on the t.v. I just think that spending time with your family is important. Lastly, if you are a parent and you are too much in a computer, won't you feel bad if something happend with your son/daughter? In everyway we always miss wonderful things, and sometimes we loose it because of technology, you don't want that right? Imagen you are at the computer and your daughter said her first word won't you feel bad if you missed that? I would. Always give time to life because maybe one day you might hate your self for missing so many wonderful things. In conclusion, so many people have become addicted to computers, they just can't lieve it alone. Imagen that you become one of them. You becoming obise, not spending time with family and missing wonderful things that the world provides us. I hope you understand that technology is not everything in life."	4	5	9
649	"Dear @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 is a rumor going around saying that computers are a negitive affect in a childs life. I disagree. A computer can help a kid in so many ways, it can help students with homework, let students talk to friends, and help with school projects. And besides, most kids don't don't stay on the computer very long anyways. Homeworks, it's a big role in school, if you don't do it or worse don't get it can you down. That's why computers have websites that help a child learn how do do a problem or a social studies question if they don't know. If you go to the school web page then theres a link that brings you in a math games. Theres even a to a science website. This helps a child so they don't get stressed out over homework. A computer also helps a students interact with friends. A social life is very important to a @NUM1 grater. This is where a computer can have aim, facebook, and even myspace help a kid impact with friends. If a kid got into a fight at school can come home and to work it out and not leave it unseatled. A computer also new friends from other towns. Teens need to and make new friesnd will helps as in life. If a teen helps with a then they can ask a for help. Every student gets a take home project at social point in the time of running out to the store to buy paper and pencils. you can stay home, have money and typee the essay. Computers can help with a social studies or a science project. You can print pictures and find information. Drawing can be a hastle and messy, so it saves time and the mess. If @CAPS1 are words you dont understandd then you can look them out. Computers are and best way to do a project. Computers, everyone uses them, they help our parents just as much as uss. They help us with homework, let us talk to friends, and even help us do our projects! Computers are one of the best technology we have @DATE1."	4	4	8
650	"Dear The @ORGANIZATION1, Computers are out! The effects of over-use on a computer can severely change a persons life! People who are spending too much time on their computer will most likely spend less time exercisizing enjoying nature, and interaction with their family member and friends. I believe that the act of computers overwhelming a person's life should be with in a serious manner. Exersizing, an essential part of anyone's life, since the development of the internet forty years ago, the average @CAPS1 or body mass inter of an average person has increased fifteen percent! This is no coinfidence, computers are causing more and more people to challenge themselves to nex that extra mile, or swim that extra lap, and instead so home and play on their computers. This not only is hurting peoples' weights, but excersize equipment store owners are having to close their shops, because less and less people are coming into work out, or excersize like they should everyday! Our children are also being affected by this addicting sensation, childhood obesity is one of the main effects on children, because when they get heard playing on these they as well stop excersizing, and play videogames . The average amount of people who went to @LOCATION2 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 every year was around @NUM1, but since the invention of the computer that the attendance dropped to a more @NUM2 people every year. Less and less people are to enjoy a fresh @DATE1 and instead spend it indoors on their country. This is hurting people as well as the wildlife around them. The rates of squirrels to people in @LOCATION2 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 was @NUM3 in @DATE2, the year the computer has invented. But a mere ten years later, the changed so now their are squirrels! This is because now that they less people feeling less squirrels live in the @CAPS3 @CAPS3, went live in the to find food by themselves. Tour guides who worked in @LOCATION2 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, we being fired, due to less people wanting a tour, so less tour guides are needed. Families are seeing that the more a person plays on a computer, the less time that person is going to spend talking to @LOCATION1, or @CAPS4 @CAPS5. Scientists held to have three different people spend an hour reading a book, another spend an hour on a computer, and three hours on a computer to see who could stay in a conversation with their mother the longest. The first person spent twenty minutes on the phone with their mother, the second only ten minutes, and the last, a mere five minutes. This shows that the mere time spent on a computer, the less interactions are held between son and mom, an important relationship in any one's life. Mother's worry that the next time they have a barbeque, @PERSON1 won't be in his room, playing on his computer like last time. @PERSON2 was chosen to conduct an experiment on @PERSON2 had three freinds @CAPS6, @PERSON3, and"	5	5	10
651	"Dear local Newspaper, I believe that computers are bad news. Most kids come home from school and go on aim. So they can talk to their friends. @PERCENT1 of @CAPS1 are obiese. I feel it is better to play outside with your friends than sitting in a chair playing on the computer. If kids go outside and play with their friends they will have more fun. Also kids will learn how to interact with each other by playing outside together. The kids will see more nature and be bale to learn more about animals. When kids are on computers they are sitting their doing nothing. ALso some kids post pictures of themselves on things like facebook that are not appropriate and cna get them in lots of trouble. They also say things that they wouldn't normally say to a persons face. The computer is simply a way for kids to get in trouble. Whne your outside palying baseball, football or tag with your friends you are getting exercise and your having lots of fun. If you are getting lots of exercise then you are most likely not going to be obies. Some say the computer is good hand eye coordination but catching a football or hitting is bettre. Also some say computers can tell you about far away places but that what school is for. I am saying that exercise and playing with your friends is better than talking in your friends or video chatting with them, @CAPS2 are to many over weight people in @LOCATION1 and the computer is not heloing the cause. "	4	4	8
652	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 have been complates about computer in are society. They say they are keeping children inside doing nothing, but really they are helping us so much! The internet is where you can resurch anything and tones of helpful ideas come up. @CAPS3, @CAPS5 helps us with hand-eye cordination. Lastly, computers alowe us to stay in touch with people who are far away. Like last year my friend went to poland and we were able to talk threw are computers! So lastly join me and help the world know that computers are good! First off I would like to say the computer is a good source of information. How would you like @CAPS5 if you still had to read scrolls from grene when you could look at on online? Not to manchin not any you need to know some thing really fast like now your stalk is befor a big meeting. Then all you have to do is simple type in what you want to know then bam! Just like that you know, and off to you meeting. Secondly, using the mouse and keys on a computer can incless your hand-eye cordination. Like my parents aways say when i'm typeing on esay, @NUM1 words per minute is a good minute. @CAPS3, out of @NUM2 kids get better hand-eye cordination after geting good on the computer. Alot of times kids have a ten of cordination, but I have a that if kids on the thing will change. Most importantly the computers and faraway like I menchind befor I stayed intouch with my polish buddy @CAPS3, a lot of people don't have cell phones so they have an @CAPS4, gmail, facebook, my space, or a twitter. All of this alows us to stay in touch and keep us up in are friends lives. This is very important because if we are social the we will get out with are friends and do stuff, wich is very important for are. In conclusion, @CAPS5 is good for are society to have computers in are lives. @CAPS5 will help us in the future, we will get good grades on project because of are sources. We will be heathy with hand eye cordination, from the mouse and keybord. Lastly we will have many friends. thes are all very important in. So keep computers!"	4	4	8
653	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, In my opinion, spending too much time online has negative effect on society. People aren't getting a full social experience when they talk on email, facebook and twitter. Being on such sites has taken up time that could be spent in other areas, such as family, friends and school. They aren't being able to enjoy the outdoors and being able to exercise. Though online activity can be helpful spending too much time can be harmful. Interacting online can be a great experience for those who have friends and family who live far away. But spending too much time online can damage you social activity levels. In person interaction is better than online, because you see how the person you're talking to is reacting to everything you say. Having a good, positive social environment is benificial to you and your friend. Spending too much time on the computer can also damage you social relationship with your family. For family who live far away, and online is the only way to socialize, online interaction is a great thing to have. But for you close family, you could be missing out on their lives and how they are doing. Your relationship with you family could be in jeoporady because you insist on using your computer. When you use the computer, you're probably eating some food too. And spending time online is taking away your time from exercising those calories off. The obesity level in @LOCATION1 is increasing, probable cause being over-usage of computers. being outside is another thing missing from our lives because of computers we aren't experiencing the beautiful nature life our @ORGANIZATION1 has to offer, online activity is hurting our health, and making us not enjoy our outdoor life. In conclusion, being online too often is abusing our social, health, and taking up too much of our lives. Using the internet is good for adults so they can pay taxes, work at home, and do many other beneficial things for them and their families. But for other, less useful sites are being used to interact. Why not just call or meet up with person, instead of using the computers?"	4	4	8
654	"I beleive that computers are helpful, and useful to us. They provide us with a wealth of entertainment, enable us to communicate with one another, and even help us learn. Today, if it's raining outside, or its too cold to do anything, you can go on to the computer or the computer, you can watch movies, play games, and webchat. The computer is a grat machine, and health expert @PERSON1 sais ""computer usage is fine so long as it's limited to about an hour or hour and a half a day"". Some people complain that people arent getting enough exercise because of computers. But its not really the computers fault that they arent excercicing. In todays modern world, you can call some one, text someone, or page them with computers though, you can do even more, with a webcam, you can video chat with people, and send each other videos. You can also connect with your friends on facebook or myspace. Sociologist @PERSON2 sais that more and more people are connecting to @CAPS1 websites, and talking with their friends. ""@CAPS1 websites are great"" @CAPS2 also said ""@CAPS1 enable you to talk with your friends when their far away, or you just can't see them. However, nothing beats real connect."" Computers also help us learn. They can answer almost any question you have, and have name a lot. Today, most people don't . Some people still might think that computers are bad for you, and they cause lack of excercise, but I beleive people have the to make friends. They choose to over use the computer, and too much of any thing is a bad thing. Computers today are an invaluble of life, and are irreplaceable."	4	4	8
655	"Dear newspapers, I think that computers have a possitive effect on people because you could chat online. There are electronics out for children that they can plug up to there computer and learn different stuff. And you can pay your bills on the computer. People that have no phone od don't want to leave the house at that moment and have a computer can go on chat rooms or a local website can chat to friends and family. Also many people that have websites like facebook, myspace etc... can find new people and have so many things in common. And some people do find that @CAPS1 person that they been looking for. I think that they jusy come out with a new electronic for little kids like leaf frog that they can plug up to a computer/laptop and they can learn there alaphabet, counting numbers, and even spelling, This is a good product for little kids so they cam use the extra work over, the @DATE1 or after school so they can stay smart and learn in school and out of school. One day I had my mother what she was doing and the light bill so i was like how can you and she said and a website bt I forgot what's it called and you could pay your bills right there. So instead of up going in your are go to a local show when thay pay bills and can like or if you get a computer you can do that in you home with no . So people who publish the newspaper I think and I hope you think to this is a good response that tells you good things about a computer. And I hope it sticks around for a long time."	4	4	8
656	"I People spend too much time on the computer. A lot of people are on the computer for about the whole day. They should be spending time with family and friends. People never have enough time for activities. Also computer should mostly be used for talking with family and friends, homework,research, games @CAPS1 bored, and work. To begin with, people need to spend more time with family and friends rather than on the computer. For example @CAPS1 your mother or father asked you @CAPS1 you wanted to go out to dinner and you said no, I'm on the computer, that would just mean your obsessed with going on the computer. A lot of families are bing broken apart because people spend too much time on the computer @CAPS1 you have a friend over and they say I am bored and all you are doing is play games on the computer than that is just being rude because your friend is bored. So you need to get off the computer and spend time with your loved ones. Previously I stated how people spend time with loved ones, well people need to spend more time doing activities as well. A lot of humans sit on the computer and eat so over the time they eventually get fat. @CAPS1 you are gaining weight because your on the computer than you need to go do some activite to off that fat. @CAPS1 you are a teen and you are given the idea to play a sport and you it because computer is more important then is some serious obesession with the computer. As a result, the computer should be used wisely. The computer should be used to talk to family and friends, homework, research, work, and @CAPS1 you bored play some games little games on the computer. Those are probably the most important things that should most likely used for the computer. A lot of these things that I have listed are important because @CAPS1 you go on the computer just to be on and watch people talk then what's the point of wasting your time on the computer when you could be doing much more different things on the computer. For example, @CAPS1 you have homework such as vocabulary and you need definitions you can go to www.dictionary.com to find them, or @CAPS1 you just need to define a simple word. In conclusion, people spend too much time on the computer. They need to be spending more time with family and friends. Also people need to be doing more activities in their lives. Lastly, you should use the computer for useful things like homework or even very important research. So, as you can see humans spend too much time on the computer rather than doing much more important things."	5	5	10
657	"Computers are an incredibly important part of many peoples lifestyles. They can give us wonderful facts and news that would otherwise be hard to obtain. Computers also allow people an easy way to communicate with friends and family without using a phone. Lastly computers are an incredibly useful tool for writing. One of the most beneficial parts of computers is that you can find out whats happening anywhere in the world. For instance, I could do a search engine on recent disaters and find hundreds of articles on @CAPS1 and other recent news. However you could also find out interesting facts like how many have chosen to sail around the world in the past ten years. But this is just one of the many uses a computer has. Critics @MONTH1 think that the use of computers interferes with spending time with your friends and family. But computers can actually do the opposite. There are many websites that allow you to talk safely to people. Some of those websites are facebook and chatme.com. Did you know that you can even video chat with people. It's just like youre right there with you. Incredibly, unlike calling people and using a phone using these websites is free and open to anyone. This brings me to the last point. Computers are great writing tools. They allow you to write efficiently and neatly. Also, programs liek microsoft word allow you to spell check your work. However one of the most usefull qualitus of a program like word is that it allows you to change your work and add sentences or words wherever you want. Its you can see computers are a usefull and beneficial part of society. They allow people to easily stay informed on world news. Secondly computers allow easy and safe communication between people and lastly they are usefull for writing papers such as writing prompts. I hope that by reading this, you can now see some of the many uses of computers."	4	4	8
658	"Dear Local Newspaper, Computers have a positive effect on people because it teaches them hand-eye coordination, the ability to learn about people and places and allows for people to entertain themselves. As I said before computers are very useful for the advances of hand-eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination is very important in our current world because in order to play sports and type effectively you must have hand-eye coordination. When I was a boy of @NUM1 years I had survey low hand-eye coordination skills and my playing suffered because of it. Now after a couple yours of playing online my baseball, lacrosse and basketball skills have improved from playing online and practicing. Also my typing has gone up from @NUM2 words-per-minute. In @NUM3 words-per-minute. Allowing me to write reports faste and allow more time for revision. But the internet also allow me to search the web to make the aspect of my report go much faster... Though out people needed to suport their opinions and. Now the internet for a person to such to find facts relating to their topic. This bad of help can male school projects easier, make students be even smaller and give opportunity to help in need. As I got ready @NUM4 while my position paper this year. I realized I needed @NUM1 usually this would be difficult but with the help of computers, research can be made a whats let easier. Secondly, I learned so much while my @CAPS1 @CAPS2, like for example don't really pick the president. The votes they gave actually elect a spesculative to go to the @CAPS2 to. Finally, as the earthquake in @LOCATION1 I was able to donate through the @CAPS3 @CAPS4 website. These examples show how important the internal to learn about people and places, maybe give a helping hand. Finally, the last great thing about the internet and computers is that you can entertain yourself through online games and movies. My mom is always telling me I should ways to myself without dragging her into playing catch with me the internet and computers allow me to play online gones by myself. Secondly, movies on computers can be a real time if you want to around. These are the reasons why I believe computers are important for improving eye-hand coordination, learning about different people and places, and the ability entertain you self. Though my opinion will only count to myself I hope you will to stress the importance of computers in your future articles."	5	5	10
659	"Dear Local Newspaper, Are you spending all your precious time on a computer? On the computer your probably wasting every second searching or playing games. You shoudn't spend alot of time on the computer it will just wash away your brain. You shoudn't go on computers for a long time because instead you should be exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with people. First of all, spending too much time on the computer is not good for you because you should be out exercising. On computers you can't jog the fat you gain by eating food. By jogging instead of going on the computer you can lose weight and see the real world than the world behind the computer screen. Nevertheless computers are fun to go on like playing addicting games. but isn't it better to play a real sport like soccer. In soccer you have to use your mind and alot so it is much better than sitting or laying around dazed at a computer screen for a long period of time. Don't you love playing outdoor games! Like playing tag or hiding go seek isn't that more fun than playing an addicting game on the computer screen? For me I think it is. That is my reasons I think you should exercise then stare at the computer screen. Secondly, you shouldn't be on the computer for a long amount of time because you should instead be enjoying nature. Nature is beautiful and refreshing unlike a computer. Yeah I know computers offer alot but do they offer the fresh air outside, the warm breeze land living animals the earth. I don't think so and neither should you. Instead of going on your computer when it is raining not you should play with your pets and if you don't have any put a raincoat umbrella and go outside. Especially in the @DATE1 you should be outside enjoying nature go for a swim or bring your annoying little siblings to the park. There is more to often in use than going on the computer. More importantly, you shouldn't go on the computer because you are better off. Interacting with living people in person. On the computer talking to people you are going no where on the computer chatting with people it is impossible to read someones expression. So get off the computer and hang with your family and friends. Get into a fun conversation or debate. Make new friends when your at the mall or discovering a new trail in a park. Do anything but interact on the computer when all you see is typed words writing back to you. Get your self out in the world don't just interact with people but the world not the computer screen. In conclusion you shouldn't spend most of your precious time on the computer. It isn't nessasary for you to spend all your time on the computer when you could be exrcising, enjoying nature and interacting with people. I strongly beleive people should be outside than on a computer. So what are you waiting for get off that computer and take a hike!"	5	4	9
660	"Everyone loves staying on the computer. I would be surprised if one does not. I believe the whole issue is that the machine itself distracts you from other things in your life that is also as enjoyable on it is. People learn too much on it. It changes peoples whole life. The computer is like a disease or a virus that controles you and gaining your freedom from it perfectly possible. I understand that some people @MONTH1 not agree with me, however I propose that my side is the best. This is horrible. How can it? It distracts people from their life. I makes them blind to enjoy nature. Spending too much time on the computer is a horrible disease. The hard part is to get in your freedom is being able to know that it is ocntroling you. That way your door to freedom will be open. The tecknologie keeps you away from having fun, doing homework from school and having fun with friends. I know that you can break free from it because I once experienced the same thing. Technology is a beautiful thing indeed. I has so many information in it you wont even think a person it. I know even more than . However it is also very foul. Once I came up on a very horrible seen on the computer. I my i can shut it . Michines have a mind that it our and anything it. Changing a persons life is not easy. You become complitely new. Sometimes those changes are good sometimes they are bad. But a michine can make you change in ten minutes. Once you see what you like on it or what you want you can change. If you see something and you want it so bad. I you cant get if then you will be forced to get it by stealing. It is a very horrible thing to learn. All you have to do is learn to controle your self. Machines are a very bad influence on people. There are book if you need information. Computers make you lazy you don't have to read or anything it does it for you. It take over your life. You become . It teaches you bad thing it changes your life. What path would you take"	4	4	8
661	"Recently, there has been debate about whether or not computers benefit society. Although each side has its own reasons, computers do have a positive effect on people and on society. Computers are beneficial in several ways. With the use of computers, you have the ability to research and learn about foreign and local places you are able to communicate with others and the help people complete everyday tasks. At one point in everyone's lives, you need to know about local or even foreign places. It is completely unrealistic for someone to travel to every place they need to know about. This is where computers come in. Over the internet, you can research everything from the main staple of the diet in @LOCATION3 all the way to the day the new year in @LOCATION1. You learn about things in the comfort of your home, or of your home town. I rember once in @NUM1 grade I had to do a research project on @LOCATION2. By going on the computer, I learned all I needed to know and they some. The project was a breeze, and I got a perfect score. Also, you can learn about local upcoming events, and about the world around you. During childhood, every kid has many questions, some their parents might not be able to answer. Using the computer is a quick and easy way to get these answers. Computers help educate the minds of people and without them, we might not know anything. Communicating with people on the other side of the world is difficult. Mailing a letter could take weeks to reach the recipiant. Computers provide us with a imediate method of communicating with others whether they are local or far away. Last year, my uncle moved to @LOCATION3 for work. I never got to see him.We communicated with each other over computers, and when he came home for christmas, we were as close to each other as we were before he work. Computers kept our relationship healthy and I do not think it would have been that way without them. Scientists say that about @PERCENT1 of all @CAPS1 have communicated with someone at least once through computers. They also say that @PERCENT2 of these people regurally use this method of communicating. Although we still use phones and ""shall mail"", I do not believe that our society would be able to function socially without the availiable use of computers. Everyday, computers are helping people get through their days with minimal problems. People get things done quicker, giving people more time to do what matters most, interacting with their families. Without computers, everyday business would take about twice as long leaving less time for the fun things in life. @PERSON1, my neighboor, said ""@CAPS2 and banking are so time consuming. I do not know that I would be able to handle it without the ability to do my banking online."" In addition to takes and hancing, computers help with everything from shopping to woking for the perfect phone company to use for your new business. Having the ability to shop and browse online takes away ariving, walking and checkout line time letting you relax and take your time throughout the rest of your day. Typing also gives you hand-eye coordination without it, you wouldn't be able to do everyday things such as opening the door to playing sports outside with your children using computers helps people get through their lives easier and more efficiently, I could not even imagine life without them. Computers benefit the people of society in every possible way. By helping them obtain knowleage, purifying and strengthening relationships through constant communication ability, and helping make their everyday lives easier, they have a purely positive effect on people everywhere. Computers have a great effect on people and should continue to be used in everyday society."	5	6	11
662	"Dear @CAPS1, More and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society. Those who support advances in technology belive that computers have a positive affect on people like me. They teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, they even allow people to talk online with other people. I will tell you why we should benifit these computers. The first reason is computers teach hand-eye coordination. You can learn how to type really fast. Without hand-eye cordinatoin how are you supose to hit a ball coming at you with a bat, how are you supose to catch a ball with your hands? The second reason is you can learn about far away places and people. Like how we are in the @LOCATION1 and we want to learn about @LOCATION3 or say that we are in france and we want to know about the german people are look it up we dont go all the way down there jest to see the german people we look it up. Now think about it you jest going to fly there and come back the same day. The last thing is you can talk online to anybody you want from africa to the us all the way to @LOCATION2. So you see computers are really speacial becus you see you dont want to write someone amillion things it is not right so we need computers."	3	3	6
663	"Dear Newspaper, I often think about the effect of technology on humans. The human race has discovered many things but our biggest advance is technology. New machines are robots are built all the time, and our knowledge of machines and artificial minds is rapidly growing. The most widely used machine is the computer. People use it for all sorts of things, communucation, awareness and learning and entertainment. Some experts are concerned that people spend too much time on computers and it couldn't agree more. Computers maybe useful but they are over used. People spend more time staring at the screen than exercising and interacting with friends and family. Computers are also not always dependable or safe. First of all, the biggest computer users are adolesents. Young adults spend hours on websites like @CAPS1, @CAPS2, and @CAPS3 communicating with their friends. At their young age, exercise is very important. Obesity in children from lack of exercise is becoming very common, and its because young people are glued to their computer screens. The averange child need @NUM1 minutes of exercise a day, and many have very little none. I say the computers are ok, but only in small doses. The growing mind and body needs to move and exercise. If internet use among children and teenagers is not cut back, some worry that there will be a lot more health problems in the future. Although it is very east to quickly communicat through the internet, it can sometimes do more harm than good. Kids who spend hours @CAPS4 or emailing their peers spend less time with their families. I've heard parents say they barely see their kids because their always either doing homework. Also, @CAPS5 to @CAPS5 conversations are fading. Because of the internet, people no longer need to get together and talk, @CAPS6 turn on their computers, which is a waste of energy. Why not just go see your friend @CAPS6 of typing all day? Lastly, computers have just as many disadvantages as they do advantages. There are plenty of dangers out there in @LOCATION1. Online predators lurk as many comers, and your personal information and identity can easily be stolen. The risk of any of these things happening is very high. Its better safe than sorry. So, if you think about it, we really don't need computers to survive. You need your exercise, don't blow it off for online chat. Also, its very important to interact and be part of your family, and less internet use will cut down the risk of identity theft, or any other problem or virus. It's your time now. Get outside have @CAPS5 to @CAPS5 conversation with a friend and internet with your family. You can be healthy, happy, and safe without constantly typing any at the keyboard."	5	5	10
664	"Dear local newspaper, I believe that with too much use of computer it will have bad affects on people. People can get addicted to it so easily. They also use a lot of electricity. And people sit on the computer all day and don't exercise at all. These are all bad affects computers have, but their not all bad, without them life might be a little harder. Playing computer games, and online poker sounds fun right? Wrong! People get addicted to them everyday. Online poker could be dangerous. I remember seeing a show about this guy who was addicted to it. He'd put his credit card information in and sit and play all day. Before he knew it, he was in debt. Once he was addicted it was very hard for him to stop. It's a stupid thing to get into because there is no point to it. You sit and waste money, especially with our economy the way it is. A recent study shows that @PERCENT1 of people who play online poker are addicted within two weeks. Other games are also addicting too. There's a website that called addicting. I guess people don't know the affects of being addicted to a computer has on them and their family. Did you know that @PERCENT2 of electricity in @LOCATION1 goes to computer? Thats almost half of it going to one thing. I don't think it's right that pretty much everything is done on the computer now. In our economic chrisis I don't think enery should be wasted playing computer games. We could use energy for more important things that people any need. If everyone didn't need computers to communicate and everything there wouldn't be a problem. The number of computers sold has gone up @PERCENT3 since @DATE1. I understand emailing, and facebook. But don't get out of hand with it. Isnt being outside on a beautiful day great? Wouldn't you rather enjoy that or excercise rather than sitting glued to a computer? Obesity is a huge problem in @LOCATION1. A lot of people are obese from sitting on the computer and not excercising. I remember when I was younger, everytime I went to my friends house, his dad would be sitting and playing poker and games on the computer. He was very out of shape and lazy. His parents later got a divorce because he turned into a totally different person. Most @CAPS1 are lazy. We don't like to do work if we don't have to. I would define they rather excersise or go outside instead of being on the computer. You live a lot healthier when you're not addicted to the computer. And when you're healthier, you're happier. So in conclusion, if you don't control yourself on the computer it can have bad affects. Computers are easy to get addicted to, use a lot of electricity, and can make people fat and lazy. Do you think playing computer games is worth losing friends and family?"	6	4	10
665	"Dear @CAPS1's at the @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS2 to @PERSON2, ""Computers have helped me further @CAPS6 research. I can search up so many things to help a patient and keep all @CAPS6 important information organized."" @CAPS3 you question a leading doctor? I agree with @PERSON3 and say that computers are good use in society today. People were already becoming lazy because of television. You can't balme it on computers. With websites such as @CAPS4 and @CAPS5, people can keep in touch. They can make plans with one another to go for a walk in the park or dancing. These things can keep people healthy, active and in tiptop shape. Computers help people keep in contact with others. ""@CAPS6 patients can email me to schedule an appointment and let me now if they think something's very wrong with them."" say's @PERSON1. With computers, you can email distant family and friends to learn if there are problems quicker. Most people tend not to pick up the phone if someone calls during a crisis. You also don't have to worry about running up your phone bill. you can just @CAPS4 chat with a bud instead of using up an hours worth of minutes. You can learn so much more information faster. How @CAPS3 feel if no one called and told you your bestfriend died or your mom, and you had to find out by reading the newspaper? You'd be extremely upset. I know I @CAPS3 be with email, you and your family can stay in touch with old, new, and now friends. So if anything bad happens and a person didn't know hoe to tell you, they could email you. It's so much easier than telling a person that their.mom died by email them by phone. To hear pain in a person's voice will make you want to cry. You feel their pain. So, now do you understand that computers are a great benefit to today's society? You can't blame computer's for people becoming lazy, since television was already doing that. If a person want's to be lazy, then that's their decision. you shouln't go around blaming pothers and things when its no one else's fault but that persons. This is a great way to keep in contact with other's. Plus, think of all the information you can learn. Not just about family and friends, but the world too. Thank you for taking the time to read @CAPS6 essay and I hope you can see things @CAPS6 way."	4	4	8
666	Computers don’t have any affect on kids we just love going on cause we use it for help and this persuade the readers of the local newspaper cause we need to be able to communicate also do writing essays and doing social studies or science homework my ideas are let us go computers cause were not bothering u can just leave us alone and let us do what you need to do cause what computers are what give us information for we have to do and were to do wat we gotta do and u people can just leave us alone cause arent addicting to me or anyone and if we were it still would it matter cause a computers a computer u dont punish it because just punish us from the computer punish us because of it cause its the computer fault it can be addicting cause the computer is device that gives us wat we need and the information we also the computer does favors for us the computer is a amazing thing	3	2	5
667	"Computers can be very useful to people. They can help contact friends and family from all over the world. You might need it for typing a paper for school or work, and you can use the internet. If you had a friend or family member move away, computers are an easy way to contact them. Phones dont always give you that option to call from around the world. Say your bestfriend moved out of the country you could email them or instant message them through computers. What if you want to chat with someone right next door even if theres a blizzard and the snow is four feet, computers are a simple way to contact them. When my friend went to @LOCATION1 for the @DATE1 I used instant messaging to talk to her. Imagine your at work or school and you were asked to write a five page essay. Do you really want to write it all? Imagine you, writing out hundreds of those newspaper everyday. Typing is an easy solution that doesnt require as much work and it takes less time. Typing also makes work a lot neater and easier to read. Not even a library has all the information you need. What if you need to write an article for your newspaper about a newly discovered animal? A library wont immediately buy new books about it. The internet is an ideal way to get information the moment it happens. What if a celebrity got hit by a bus or a rocket in space just landed sucesfully? You cant expect to go to the other side of the country to watch and take notes. The internet gives information on anything possible. The internet also allowes students to take online schools or classes. When my oldest brother couldnt take @CAPS1 in high school when it was needed for college, he took an online @CAPS1 class at home. The internet also helps you find vacation spots when your going away from home what if you need a plane, train, boat ticket? What if you need to rent a car but you cant go over to the store or airport. You can go online to purchase tickets. Have you ever heard someone say ""@CAPS3 it upon google"" when they dont know the answer to something? I remember my friend telling me about her new dog, I never even heard of. When I got home I went on the internet and researched it. The internet is a very useful tool to everyone. Going on a computer allows you to talk to anyone, anywhere, type anything needed, or to use the internet. The computer makes life a little easier and its fun too, and would be a handy tool for writing a newspaper."	5	5	10
668	I think that will are all spending to much time in computers because all of my frend are all day in @CAPS2 I think that people should get active and go to different places in the wold like the pool the forect the lackes ets. I think that they shood pot a program that people come go places and forget about computer for me computer are good but you cannot spend a lot of time in @CAPS2 like try to spend more time out doors and whith you family or frends. And the problem is not only with computers is with a lot of technology like video games like xbos - @NUM1 - @NUM2 - game boy - xbox @NUM3 and other more more you schood play them @NUM4 a week like @NUM5 hour because ther alot of activitis you and your family can do out doors I will thake a wake aroud the park or ride bickes with you freds aroud town and make a picknick on the park @CAPS1 is hot and good outside. Know that the @DATE1 is coming or you can go and do a lot of stuff like @CAPS1 you donot have money you can go to the park or beach and spend the how day in ther what my family do when is good outside is that will check the wether and se @CAPS1 @CAPS2 good out - side and @CAPS1 is good will get up at and go to the store and by hamberger soda plates and other stuff will are going to use ther will go to a lake of pool and spend the day playing and eating. My opinian is that people schood spend more time out-doors with the fred - and family I whant people to know that ther a wold out side and to not get to adictide the the techno wold that my opinion I do not know @CAPS1 you like @CAPS2 but I think you shood try @CAPS2 and @CAPS1 you do'not like @CAPS2 get in to a they will help you and a lot @CAPS3 writing this because I whant peole to now that ther a lot of places that are yet to be discoverd so go out ther and enjoy like because life only come one time so enjoy @CAPS2 whith happy time and good time do'not speed @CAPS2 crying and sad like @CAPS2 like this is your last day on this wold.	4	4	8
669	"Dear The @CAPS1 @CAPS2, Experts say that computers are ""taking over people"", I strongly disagree. People spend the amount of time they need and want then become active or spend time with family and friends. Computers allow people to learn, they allow people communicate to family and friends, too. Also, @CAPS5 people use computers for work and jobs. I believe computers allow people, like myself, to learn. You can learn also @CAPS5 things on the computer. You can learn about other countries, you can read articles on news, also. You can learn different languges and about the world. Online people can communicate with others. There is skype, which allows you to communicate with others while on the internet, you use a webcam. there is also instant messanger, or @CAPS3. @CAPS3 is like having a conversation with a person who's right next to you! Then there is email which can send letters, photos and comments. @CAPS5 people use computers for work. Microsoft @CAPS4 allows you to type stories and type letters. @CAPS5 people do job reports on @CAPS4. Also, the internet is helpful for work. Websites and search engines help you a lot. Websites can contain information that working people need. To finish this letter, I want to say that @NUM1) Computers allow people to learn. @NUM2) They allow people to communicate with friends and family. Lastly, @NUM3) @CAPS5 working people use the computer for work and reports. I hope I influenced you to see why computers aren't bad."	4	5	9
670	"Computers are intresting peices of technology to work with at home or at work. Some people might think that computers are a waste of time. Also might not be useful. Or that the computers don’t have anyway of helping you. Other people think that the computer is very helpful. People should be happy about the computer invention. What do you think about it? Your wasting your time on the computers! Thats what you hear your parents say all the time right. Well, kids dont really wastes their time if they are on the compter because they could be writing up a paper for a class. They might be playing on educational game on the computers. Even if they arent playing a game or writing up a paper. It is still making them learn some thing. Some people might say that computers are useless, but that is not true. When you are writing a paper for an @CAPS1 class. You would want a computer to help. It has a keyborad so it gose faster when you type. Instead of writing the word out. It also has a grammer check. That is to help you spell the words out correctly. This is why a computer is a useful thing to use. Computers dont make things go faster. But yet they do. They help you find information about many things on the internet. Also if you had to look up a person for a school project. I think you would find more things about that person that you would in books. It really close make things go faster. Computers do help you. There not a waste of time. They are useful to every one. They also help things go faster."	4	4	8
671	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 opinion on the effects computers have on people, are that computers are used for the wrong reasons. Teens should be outside playing sports or hanging out with friends and family. But instead they are addicted to the world wide web and games and websites throughout it. Therefore, the computer and the concept of surfing the web is bad because it consumes childrens much and because educationally computers can give the wrong information. Until the late @DATE1's, @ORGANIZATION3 laptops and desktop @CAPS2 did not exist in @CAPS1 opinion, this would have been better. For example. children teens and even adults use the computer more than they should nowadays. At this age middle schoolers and high-schoolers should be focused on their grades and their . But instead, they get too addicted to @CAPS3, @CAPS4 and @CAPS5 that they forget about their school work and their priorities, and their grades start to slip. Even sudlts have this problem. For instance, buisness people, accountants and assistants will consistently be checking their emails. Also, people who work at a desk or in a cudical all day are almost always on the computer. In other words, I believe that jobs should cut dwn on how many workers they have on a computer, and family homes should cut down on the amount of time each member spends online. Another reason I think computers effect people in a bad way is because educationally computers can give false information. For example, people could insect their own perspective of an idea on websites such as wikipedia and @ORGANIZATION2. If a student was doing a project or just homework and decided to surf the web for some @ORGANIZATION2 or information they dont know if their information is correct. I believe this means that the internet and the web don't beat books or history. In conclusion, computers have a bad effect on people for the reasons of it consumes children and teen's minds, people use the internet too much and because educationally computers can sometimes give false information."	4	4	8
672	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, I think we should have computers for great purposes. One reason is because there is a lot more information on the internet. Another reason is because there is some history on many different websites. My last reason is because you can send messages to a faraway place by using e-mail. My frist reason states that there is a lot more information on the internet. For example, if youn don't have the newspaper with you, but you have you laptop, you can get information that way. Did you know, over @NUM1, @NUM2 people use their laptops for information and not games. Another example is if we get the newspaper everyday but it doesn't have the article that we are looking for, we use the internet. When we look for information on the internet, you would use yahoo, google, and other informational websites that you need. My second reason states that there is some history on many different websites. For instance, you can go on a websites and learn about history everyday, insted of going to a museum about history everyday! One day, I had to make a project about the @CAPS4 and I had four days to do it, you know what I did, I went on a historical website about the @CAPS4. I got an A+ for my project. When people need history, it's always all around them on the internet. My very last reason states that insted of texting people from faraway places, why not just use an e-mail address. For example, you don't have to pay for an e-mail address. It's actually free and did you know, more than @NUM3 million people around the world use an e-mail address insted of texting other people. When you don't have an e-mail address, it's very quick to make one. You don't have to waste money to text someone halfway around the globe. In conclusion, I think that we should have computers. One reason is that we have a lot more information on the internet. Another reason is because there is some history on some websites. And my last reason is because you can send messages to a far away place by using e-mail. Thank you for reading this article."	5	5	10
673	"I think the computer dire a postive effect on people all over the world. You can do lots of things on the computer like an acidemic work, talk on the enernet, or even find out facts' about fam'us people you love, people computer. I think computer can benfit socity becuse computers can help you with your acidimic work, and can also talk to you friends online. One way i can benfit from using the computer by, typing my school work. But when in not doing my school work talking to my friends online. But the best thing of all is finding out information about famuse people like @PERSON1. I rember when is was doing a project on the computer and got a @NUM1 on it becuse i used the computer. That should prove that computers are very help full. Have you ever wondered how a computer can help you in your ever day life. If you said no i can tell you how. You can learn about diffrent places and food. Lets say i was going to make pizza and i did not know how i would have to look on the computer how to. A professor from virgin new york tech school said that with out computers the world is nothing. @PERCENT1 of people at new york tech school agreed but @PERCENT2 did not could you immagin a world with out computers. I if the world did not have computers we would not have cell phones or even t.v. Not ever on know the cell phones or computers lets face it with out computers the world would be lost like the proffser from new york tech said. Also teenagrs would be bored becuse most teenangers do not like to go out side and if we do not have computers how will adults do there work or they will have to handwrite it. Lets be honsest some adults and kids hand writing is like chicken scrach so to say. I think computer are very helpful for everyone around the world. In closing i think the hole world should keep computers becus with out computers the world is lost, to the past paper."	4	4	8
674	"Every where you look people are using computers. Just about everyone has one. Some say that computers are bad for you but they can really benefit society. Computers are used for research, socializing and almost all of our @CAPS1 work is done on computers. One of the main things that computers provide is research information. If you want to find out anything, you can find it on the internet. It is an efficient way to study or find information for school. Before the internet and computers, it would take weeks to find enough information for a paper or business work. This was because all information was found in books. Books did not always give you the information you needed whatever was written was all you got. Because of saearch engines and websites, you can type in whatever you want to look up. It is much easier to log onto a computer and type in a question than search an entire book to find an answer. Computers are the best way to research a topic. Computers are also used to socialize. You can chat with almost anyone on the internet. Being social is one of the most important parts of life. It has been proven by science that social people live longer than people who never talk to anyone. The person you're talking to phnes only give you audio and that doesn't give you the some thing. video chat can allow you to show someone a picture or an expression. Computers allow you to see people that you can't see otherwise. For example, if you have a relative that lives far way and you cant him or her, you can see them through video that socializing through computers is pne of the best ways to talk to people. Our @CAPS1 is mainly run on computers, without them, it would be very difficult to be aware of an on coming attack or threat. The @CAPS1 uses computers to store thir legal files of court cases laws, etc. It is much easier to transfer files digitally than actually sending a paper copy. The store market is also run on computers. You need them to see how you are doing financially computers are essential to our @CAPS1 and economy. Although some experts say that computers do us no good, computers benefit our society very much. They help us research, socialize and they help our @CAPS1 and economy. Computers are essential to our way of life."	5	5	10
675	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I think computers have a positive effect on people. Where would we be without them? Computers teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about any subject they want, and allow people to communicate with each other, no matter how far away. Obviously, computers are beneficial. I think computers have a positive effect on people. They teach hand-eye coordination, as I said earlier. I know people say that where you are on be computer, you spend less time exercising, but the computers help you with you throwing skills. Hand ey coordination also applies for if you want to be a surgeon/doctor. You need to have steady hands. What we ready to do whatever is needed. See, they do have a positive effect. I think computers have a positive effect on people. They give people the ability to learn about anything they want on the internet. Say you want to be an engineer when you grow up, you might want to learn anything and everything you can to be successful later on in that carer. What about a doctor, you would want to know how many years of college and med school are required to get your medical degree. A computer helps you learn about those things. It can also teach you about tons of other things. Again, how could they not be positive. I think computers have a positive effect on people. Another thing they can do out of a hundred others is let you communicate with other people no matter how far away. Mail can so my where with enough, yes, but @CAPS3-mail is free and gets there in less than a minutes where mail can lake weeks to go far. For example, what if you came from another country. You wouldn't want to lose touch with people you grew-up with. With a computer, you could use skype to see now new the person. Talking on the phone or mailing doesn't even compare to that. You could never lose touch! Computers help people do all kinds of things. I conclusion, computers have a positive effect on people. They teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about any subject they want, and allow people to communicate with each other, no matter how far away. There are no bad reason that could top any of these. They make sense. So, what do you think? Do you think they are good for us, or do we need less computers?"	4	5	9
676	"I think computers are good because if you need to remember stuff all you have to do is just look at there emeil and they will remember what thay have to do and also it is good if you is lost all you have to do is look at the map quickly. if you need to finish a school project you could do it in the computer looking for the websit of the project, if you need to cheek a websit about enythiny inportent you could just tipe the websit down and it will show up on the computer and if your child don't have nothing to do they could play games in cluding math games, @CAPS1 games, and also thay could look for nock nock jocks."	3	3	6
677	"Dear People of @LOCATION2, @CAPS1 many hours a day do you spend being active? Now answer me this, @CAPS1 much time do you spend on you computer? To many @CAPS2 today are sitting down in front of a computer, laptop, ecetra, while not enough are lacing up their shoes for a jog. Computers are ruining us, they deter our social skills, damage our health and cause us to be lazy. They are unbenificial to our society. To start with, millions of people sign up for @CAPS3, @CAPS4, and other website like these to reconnect with people. Do you realize what this means? Now no one has to get in a car and go visit any one else. There is no longer a need to interact with other life forms, nor is there a want to. Lets say there's a woman sitting on her couch. All of a sudden her face lights up with the thought of her friend @PERSON1. She gets up to go start the car, but hey eye catches on the computer. She bites her lip, trying to decide wether to go see her, or have an online chat. Feeling lazy, she sits down. Do you really want that happening to everyone? To late it already has. Moving along, i'd like to take a moment to talk about our health. As most of us knows, fresh air is good for us. Imagine this, you're walking through the woods on a trail. The crisp, cool air, tickles you skin, and breathing it in just makes you smile. Your entire body feels energized from the treking. With passels of days like this ahead, you can'@CAPS7 wait. Now imagine this, your sitting in front of a computer, in a hot, stuffy room. You back aches from being in this posistion so long. Plus you think your getting a cold and you have migrane. You'd get off, but you have another app request. You @CAPS6'@CAPS7 feel like moving back to reality which do you prefer? Above and beyond all this, there's exercise to worry about. I mean, when's the last time that you yourself went on a bike ride? I'm sure you know that it's good for your body if you exercise, but your to busy on the computer. I think it's safe to say that half of @LOCATION1 would rather update their @CAPS4 than get up and move. It's crucial to our health that we get active. To sum up, alot of us are pondering wether or not to spend more time on the compuer. Well here's you answer, ""@CAPS6'@CAPS7."" Not enough people are interacting now a days, their spending the best years of their lifes stuffed up in a house, and most importantly, let's face it, their getting fat. Computers are taking over our lives it's now, or never, make the change to a better and more satisying lifestyle. Please @LOCATION1, turn off the computer."	5	5	10
678	"Dear @CAPS1, A recent study by scientists shows that too much sitting down, especially in front of computers is dagerous to health. This is only one reason why I think that, although they are useful, computers are not entirely beneficial to our society. The hinder us from excersising, interacting with nature, and spending time with family and friends. Excercising, as we all know, is necessary to remain as a fit and health human being. But how is this possible with some people going to work everyday and getting shut in their offices at their computers all day. Too much computer time even for kids, can lead to obesity and overweightness. Also, like I mentioned before scientists have concluded asked, that too much sitting is bad for you. It isn't how the body was built to work. If you have seen wave, one of @ORGANIZATION1's most recent movies, undertaking is easy. The humans in that movie, after relying on computers for so long, became obese and fat and had no muscle. This is an of course, but minor visions of this are going around the world. Going out do instead of sitting a computer is a sure way to healthy. The next thing that computers restrict us in is our ability to experience nature. Even simulations don't cut it. If you wanted to see a frog or of some other animal, can't just @ORGANIZATION2 it, look for it in the real. Developing a connection to nature can really nurture the use of that is and ill. Instead of exploring a computer, explore the world as we know it until it's or you're too old. Learn how to do somthing by. Instead of hiring someone to make at, make it yourself. Do it to learn it, sit at a computer website to hire someone! Get up and get outside! As you become more dependent on your computer, you become less dependent on family and friends. It causes there to be a lift between family members. Your family might not be able to help you when you're in need. If you're an adult, and you're on the computer all the time for something other than work, then your not supporting your family, you have no income, no life, and no future. Why would anyone do this to themselves? Imagine this!:You have nothing except your laptop. You're a , on and have family relations. Nobody wants to be that kind of loser living on the streets! You have nobody and nothing except for your computer, and you've wasted your life away. Too much time on your computer means that everyone suffers. To sum it all up, computers maybe, but every single cloud has a dark lining. Computers stop us from exercising, interacting with nature, and being with our families. So get outside!"	5	5	10
679	"Dear @CAPS1, Technology has made great improvements in the past years. Computers have now found a home in all most every buisness and home in @LOCATION1! Everyone thinks computers are so wonderful and can only positively affect you. But do they really consider both sides? Most likely not.. That is why I am here. Computers discourage exercise cut down the number @ORGANIZATION1 hours spent bonding with your family and are a waste @ORGANIZATION1 money and space. I believe computers should be re-examined and peole should stop depending on them so much. Which country has more than @NUM1 million fast food, restaurants currently functioning? Name the fatest country in the world. Who spends the most on unhealthy food? The answer to all @ORGANIZATION1 those questions is the @LOCATION2. With over @PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION1 the population being obese, something needs to be changed. According to studies done by the @ORGANIZATION1 (@CAPS2), @PERCENT2 @ORGANIZATION1 people spend over @NUM2 hours a day on the computer. @ORGANIZATION1 those @PERCENT2, @PERCENT3 are over weight or obese. There is an obvious pattern. Exercising makes your muscles stronger, improves lung function and helps burn off unnessecary calories. People most definately need to get off the computer and exercise more. They might even like it. Spending time with your family can be great fun, as I recently discovered. Playing outdoors in team games brings out your competitive side, while board games challenge your mind. ""@CAPS3 who spend time with their family are @PERCENT4 more likely to do better in school,"" @CAPS4 @PERSON2 beyond. So what's stopping them?, Computers. Kids now find many internet sites online online more interesting than hanging out with family and friends. We need to turn @ORGANIZATION1 the computers, bring out the board games and keep @CAPS5 families together! ""In this economy, people cannot afford to waste money they don't have,"" @CAPS4 economist @PERSON1. And she is absolutely right! But what are @PERCENT5 @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS6 wasting money on? You guessed it; computers. The average bill per month is @MONEY2. In a whole year your paying @MONEY1 for something you don't need! Computers also waste space. Along with needing a place to house your monitor, you have to find room to cram a printer, the hardrive AND all those wires. Who can find enough room?! I certainly can't. Although technology, namely computers, can be a wonderful thing, we need to look at the downside. @CAPS6 continue to gain weight, families fall apart and the economy collapses, all because @ORGANIZATION1 computers. We need to stop the problems and turn off the computers."	5	5	10
680	"Dear @CAPS1, People are using too much @ORGANIZATION1 their time on the computer. Instead @ORGANIZATION1 seeing the @ORGANIZATION1 through their own eyes they are seeing it on videos or in @CAPS2 on the internet. It isn't natural for people to be internet fanatics. Earth is a beautiful planet, it has trees, mountain, seas, and humas. We creators the internet and people love it more man the rock they're standing on. The planet should be explored not surfed in the web. People should see the @ORGANIZATION1 before all natural hand is coverd by cities and factories. People use the internet way to much for plans, for business, for entertainment, for a social life! all @ORGANIZATION1 this has been done with ease before we could even on a light bulb. Life is a gift and people spend it on artifitial life. For example a game, @ORGANIZATION1 is one @ORGANIZATION1 the most popular addictive games ever made. In this game you make a character in a miderth planet while you battle m onster with other players. Some people think that game is funner than life (personaly I think it is) but is not their life. His just a fantasy for people to escape thier meaningless lives. I write this for suport that some day people will understand that this is life. So, live it."	4	4	8
681	"To use computors, or not to. That is the question. Hundreds of millions of people use computors in their daily life today, but some believe that using computors does not benefit society. It is my firm beleif that they do. Computors provide entertainment, a way to interact with people, and a nearly endless expand of knowledge. Without them, we would quickly find life to be much harder and less fun to navigate. Have you ever been in your house on a rainy day just sitting around bored because there is nothing on @CAPS1? Well I have on many ocations. When that happens, all you have to do is turn on the computer and you have endless choices at your fingertips. You can go on game sites and play thousands of different games. (this can also help improve your hand-eye coordination). You can also watch movies or @CAPS1 shows that you missed or want to watch again. You can even go on sites such as fanfiction.net, and read or write your own stories! Another reason why computers benifit society is that they help you interact with people. You can keep in touch with far away family members and friends using webcams email, and chat sites without the bill that would come with talking on the phone. You can also meet new people from different countries and become their. That way you learn about different ways of life and cultures. You can also quickly contact people in an emergency get updates on events, and comunicate with your teacher if you have a question about your homework. Lastly, and maybe even most importantly, computers are on enormous source of knowledge. Say you wanted to learn how to start a campfire, you could just search, ""how make fire"" a google and @NUM1 matches would be found seconds. Also, if you were asigned a project for school, you could do all of your research easily from your computor, then type the whole thing up on a word document. You can even get a college degree online if you wished. And if you want to find a resturant that specializesin @CAPS2 cooking, you can find one close to you, get directions to it, look at the menu, see the prices get the restaurant's history, cud find reveiws for it all on one magnificent little choice: your computer. So you see, computors benifit society greatly. In fact I don't think we could live without them. They provide us with entertainment, an easy way to interact with people, and a huge source of information. Now, to all of you people who still think computors are bad; I'd like to see you lost a week without using one."	5	5	10
682	"@ORGANIZATION1, In ones opinion about computers and what they can do to benefit society these days. Ones opinion about what the effects that computers have or people are that they can benefit us in many ways for example they can communicate with people around the world for example many people @MONTH1 have friends or family that live in another state or country computers can help us communicate with them. Commputers alow us to help us learn what we couldn't learn from books. Computers can help us with learning such as learning about or the population. One might think that is good but its slow with computers you can send emails and have the person on the other end reply instantly because of computers. Computers have benefited society in many ways. Computers in ones opinion about them is that they can benefit us in many ways we wouldn't think of being possible. Before computers and printers we had in use type writers and if you messed up you would have start again and it could take hours or work to get the paper perfect but with the worlds modern we would don't have to type whole paragraph over again if we make a mistake we can just hit the back space button on the keyboard so it won't take us hours to type one page or when it take half an how at most so computers have benefited us in more way than we know it. So in ones opinion about computers and what they can do to benefit us is that they allow us to do things we couldn't have done before the computer was invented. The computer was a great invention and it is benefited mankind as we speak and that it is that hard to set up. So in ones opinion about computers and what they do that can benefit the society that we live in and also benefit mankind as well."	4	4	8
683	Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 I think that people are spending to much time on there computers and not exercising as they're supouse to do every day. @CAPS5 @CAPS3 says that @PERCENT1 of all people in the intere world are spending to much time on the @CAPS3 and not enjoying nature. So they don't get exercis like other people do. @CAPS5 @CAPS4 says that people that go out side and not stair at there computers will live a long and helthy life. I say that @PERCENT2 of all people that are always on the @CAPS3 often go blind and will never see who the world is changing awound them. I say that @PERCENT3 of all people that don't always go on the @CAPS3 will live a better life then the people that are always on the @CAPS3. My @CAPS5 told me that you should go on the @CAPS3 just not for a very long time because beeing on the @CAPS3 for a very long time is not so good for you so don't go on the @CAPS3 for a very long time only for a short amount of time and don't go on the @CAPS3 every day only like @NUM1 time a week. People that have @CAPS6 book acounts you shouldn't go on it like every day go on like @NUM1 to @NUM3 time a week because going on the @CAPS3 for a very long time is not good for people. My @CAPS5 @CAPS8 says that @PERCENT4 of all people in the world have @CAPS9 and ofthen go blind because of them using the @CAPS3 all the time and that if you go on it for to long your @CAPS3 will mealt down and brake. I realy think that people shouldn't go on the @CAPS3 for every long time because every time they go on is a time that they will miss in the life so please don't do it.	4	4	8
684	"Dear The @ORGANIZATION1 @MONTH1 say that people are spending too much time foucusing on the computer and not on their homework, or getting some fresh air outside. I say those people are @CAPS1! Computers are a giant step into new technology. For example, you can use the computer to do research for school, communicate with friends online and give children some down time where they can learn about far away places and people. If you were doing a research paper for school and you have checked out all the books on the subject of your paper, but you suddenly relized that you forgot one of the most important books! You race back to the library only to find out that it is closed. Computers then come in handy. You can google the book and find an online copy of the book, so you make the grade on that paper. Also, possibly you are having trouble with math homework and you are home alone, what do you do then? That is what computers are there for! So you can easily go to your teachers website and there would be the explanation on how to do that specific lesson. Children @CAPS2 to commonicate with their friends, to some extent. Such as a homework question or just to talk for fun. Without friends children would be knowhere. Statistics show that @PERCENT1 of all children who are permitted to talk with friends, out of school stay off of drugs and promote a stronger education and grades. The internet was not just created for the heck of it. It was invented so people can communicate, childeren can do reaserch, and for fun and exploring as well. For example - learning about far away places, people, and culture, exploring animals, and even online shopping is now availble. These are necessities for all people to have access to. Without computers @CAPS3 would not know the important news when @CAPS3 needed to or information needed for a specific moment. Computers are the future (yes I am repertative) @CAPS3 @CAPS2 to have computers in our lives for communication, shopping, learning purposes, teaching, research on places, animals, people, and culture. Also for email purposes and to get important news around to everyone applicable to it. This is why @CAPS3 @CAPS2 to continue forward with computers, and technology for the future. So all the people of @LOCATION1 keep your computers, they are an important stepping stone needed for growth and moving onto the future of technology. Plus who would not want a good computer game once and a while."	4	5	9
685	"The reason why I think computers are good is because people like to do their work, or children likes the games on the computers. The second reasons is that adults likes to do their jobs online. Finally people who have computers are probably happy because computers is a good thing to have because you can do everything on it. My opinion is that computers are good for people because you can do everything like play game, go on myspace, facebook, twiter and alot of other websites."	2	2	4
686	"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, Computers are a great invention that we have created. Some people are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers and hanging with your friends and family. Wait I also agree but spending time on your computer can actually be a good thing. It can be a good thing because you can learn something new every minute, you can also interact with your friends on it, lastly you can do things at the same time hang with your friends and getting exercise. Every minute you are on the computer you can learn something new! For example, let's say that you are on a gaming sights playing a game and suddenly an advertisement appears. It will most likely give you knowledges about the advertisement you are watching. Also study shows that everytime you are on a computer for atleast @NUM1 minutes you can learn something new you spend your . Even way for them to communicate is via internet/computer. This way you can make arrangements. I know that spending too much time on a computer is not all that great, but these are just of the benefits from it so please consider this."	4	4	8
687	"Lately, a technology buzz has hit all over the world. Where ever you look, be it at home, at school, at work, or on the streets, you see people texting, talking on phones, blogging, and other computer related things. This concerns some people. They believe that these generations are relying too much on computers and not spending enough time exercising outside or socializing. But here is where they go wrong. These experts are judging computers too harshly, for it's not like everyone is zoning out in front of a glass screen, sucked into the world beyond. @CAPS9, most of these ""computer geeks"" are using the computer for useful things, while they are also used for entertainment, computers also help society to reconnect with long-lost friends or even get directions to a well-know resuraunt. As you can plainly see, computers are not turning us all into zombies. Computers are sometimes seen as a nusence. Parents complain about the many times they have to drag their sons and daughters from the screen for dinner or a soccer game that started @NUM1 minutes ago. But you see, this doesn't mean its bad. Everyone goes on the computer. ""Even though my father complains that I'm on @CAPS1 too much,"" @PERSON1, @ORGANIZATION1, says. ""@CAPS2 forgets that @CAPS2 has one of his own."" This is an example not unlike many other student's parents. About @PERCENT1 of adults confess that they too have fallen into the new fads such as @CAPS1, @CAPS4, and @CAPS5. So why do we need these things? What seems to make them so important to us? The answer is simple, it makes us feel connected. Then again, if you think about it, maybe not so simple. Many people have different opinions on why the computer is so important to them, but most agree that friends is one big factor. ""Everyone is already online."" @PERSON2, computer technician, informs. ""@CAPS6 all your friends are in something, wouldn't you want to as well?"" @CAPS7, as the famous saying, @CAPS8 your friends jumped off a bridge, would you?, flashes through your mind let me answer that for you - @CAPS9. Being connected and diving off the deep ends are too different concepts. As you find friends from highschool or just friends from school, your glad that @CAPS7 you can talk to them face to face - or computer screen to computer screen - again. Last, but certainly not least, the computer is a great resource. While some people complain, others are using what it has to offer by looking up directions to events or facts for your next report. This is how websites like @ORGANIZATION2 make billions from the words being typed into the search engine. The facts and places that arise from the computr are like gems waiting to be found. In conclusion, its easy to see why the computer and its resources are so loved. Everyone uses it for different things and different hobbies. Whilesome for pure entertainment, others for information, and another for reconnection. My personal favorite finiding the true treasure of hidden bands, the fantastic ones, that @CAPS9 one even knows. And so, this is why I'm convinced the computer is a positive impact on the world."	6	6	12
688	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, Have you ever thought about people's veiws on certain technolgy? While some people say that others spend too much time on their computers, and are waisting their time, I think computers can help us with many different things. They can help with homework, interacting with people, and even help us with exercising. You'll find that in the end, computers end up as benefits for everyone. For many students, they need computers to help them understand their subjects. There are certain websights that give online lessons. Along with that, they have online books, so if they forget their real ones, they can still do their homework. My math teacher, @PERSON2, is always saying,""@CAPS1 into the online sight."" I've found that it really helps me when I'm struggling with my work. We can also ask our friends with help if we still @CAPS4't understand. That's not all we can do. There are certain sights like @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 where we can interact with other people. You can talk to them when they're out of town and have no cell-phone. You can also tak when the phone is being used and you have something importain to tell them, such as helping them with their homework. When there's no telephone reception between each other, they can still talk over one million people in the @LOCATION1 use these sights. People are wrong when they say it takes their time away from exercising. Many websights give good tips on how to lose weight. The show many dieting plans such as @PERSON3 or @PERSON1. Not only that, but they also have exercise plans. It's not the computer's fault, it's the people who @CAPS4't ""stick"" with exercising. Also, the computer reccomends many great gyms you can join, like @LOCATION2 fitness. @CAPS4't you think that's a good ""deal?"" @CAPS4't listen to those other people stick with my opinion that computers are benefits for everyone. They can help us with many things, above and beyond. I can't imagine life without them. Most everyone uses computers! Thank you for reading."	4	4	8
689	"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 are beinging questioned if the are good for our society or not. I would have to say that they are good and bad you really can't pick a side. These good because children and teens can get the information they need to teach in school, it allows people to chat with others in different places, and it helps hand-eye cordanation. Those were the good here are some bad things about compters. People spend to much time on the computer instead of exercising, they dont' get to enjoy nature, and people stop interacting with friends and family. Anyone can pick a side. I just can't, because i can relate to both sides. For example. one of the good reasons about computers was that you can chat's with other people around the world. I can relate to that because when i live here in @CAPS2 @CAPS3 my mom and stepdad live in @LOCATION1, @LOCATION2 so i don't see them much but thanks to computer i can chat. With them when ever i want to. Honestly i wouldn't know how my life would be like if i didn't have a computer and i wasn't able I @CAPS4 now. Although, can also to one or the bad things about computers, which is that people spent to much time on the them. I can relate to that and so could of the other well, because when i around @NUM1 because go to a after school, go straight on my laptop and around @NUM2. When my grandma @NUM3 pm. She always comes in and ""Your on that thing to much you your hands!"" in her. So in my opinion I believe that coumpters can be good for our socity and bad; for me there is no side to take. Others might feel the same way, and others @MONTH1 not. It's up to them to make a choice, so ask your self,"" @CAPS4 you believe that computers are good or bad for our society?"	4	4	8
690	"I believe that computers have good effects on people. Computers allow people to stay in touch with long distance friends or family. Computers have games for kids that help them learn, and, also, people learn new things, too. My first reason is that, computers allow people to stay in touch. If someone in their family live long distance then they could always use e-mails to talk. That way they wont lose each other. Also, sometimes, friends move away and you always want to keep in touch. Another thing is that, if they want to send photos to each other, they can use e-mail. Also, because, thru an mail takes forever. Please, let the people stay in touch! My second reason is that, computers has games kids play. The games kids play could help them learn more. Sometimes watching t.v. don't help. If they acutually play the game and see what their doing, then they will got smarter. That's what we want for our kids, right? Also, kids have fun playing these games. Do you really want to take the learning experience away? My third reason is, computers help people learn new things. Like, they could go on the computer and learn what's happening in the world. People can learn new words they never knew about. Also, pictures on the computer help, too. For example, if someone is traveling somewhere, and they don't know how the price. They can get on the computer and check it out, right? So, in conclusion, I believe that computers are good use. They help people stay in touch, help kids learn by playing games and help people learn new things about the world and more. So, I'm saying, please, keep the computers. They are not a waste of our time. Turst me!"	4	3	7
691	"Dear @LOCATION1, I think that computers have a negative affect on us! How many people have acess to a camputer daily in america.. @NUM1 and how many people go on at least an hour a @NUM2. That means that @NUM3 people cant exercise are wasting many are have the posibility of physical @CAPS1 that sound good to you? Think of everything you done when you write a letter. I got up and got all the materials and sit back down. After In done writing have to put all the materials away and then put the letter in the mailbox and walk all the way back. Well this is what I had to do. Now think how you write an email sitdown and move your fingers. Do you see the difference? @CAPS2 instead of getting a good walk to your friends house to talk to you just in him/er. Did you know that you can literally but from on your computer. Instead of around with this that can add anything you your computer gives away information they information lead to that and then everthing you have wouldbe gone. All this so you can go online. Believe it or not, you can phisically get hurt for being on the computer, to long. @NUM4 thing is that when you at a computer @CAPS2 what happened to my grandpa is that when you are in a wood chair all day you can get ardthritis in your muscle @CAPS3 thing th."	4	4	8
692	"The effect people shouldn't be on the computers that much because you need exercising to keep you healthy. You wouldn't be learn anything if you play games on it all day. Your brain will be fousing on the computers than school. You would be a bored kid or adult if you keep doing this. It will be sad if you throw your life away just because of a computers. The effect on people on the computer by not knowing technology is some people think that technology is dumb because you have a brain instead of a computers have information in your brain if you are smart. Some people are poor and never had a computer or never heard technology and country some of them don't even have technology or electrion because they can't afford for a computers. The effect that they don't know technology is they can find location and no cellphone you can call your friend go online and listen to music, play games chat to friend and family. Play games with each other. And watch movies. Another effect is learning about computers and how to use it step one turn it on. Click on intert explorer and search on a website to go on it's kind of hard to use the keyboard and typing it fast. The last effect is talking to people that you don't know form online. Is playing the game with a diffrent player you can chat with that person. Conulison this is all my reason why I agree with the effect of a computer have postive reason for a lot of people. This is why I agree with the effect of the computer."	4	3	7
693	"Dear local newspaper, I have recently saw that you think that people are spending way too much time on computers instead of excercising or hanging with their friends and family. Well I think the opposite of that opinion. People interact with people online if the want to. People can also learn new things. Plus computers help people make money. So read on to hear more. Most people that use computers are interacting with people someway somehow. @PERCENT1 of all people have either a facebook, a myspace, a skype, or all three. on any of those sites you interact with people. We can meet new people on the internet. Like people on the other side of the state or country. Also we hear about what is going on in our big or small town. Like for instance if there was a missing child we know the description, so we could help find him or her. Not only do people interact bu people can research useful information. For an example, one day I was told do a project on teen mothers. I went straight to the library I took some books out and whatever I couldn't find in the books. I went to the computer for. Also we can learn about faraway places like @LOCATION2 or @LOCATION1. My mom always says, ""@CAPS1 your room or @CAPS2 going to give your stuff to people in need."" @CAPS3 the first time she said that to me I went to the computer to see how other people were having to me. Some were good, nice, big houses but tyen others lived in boxes and trash cans. That changed me big time, I felt really had for those people. Lastly computers help people make money and support their family. @PERCENT2 of all people found out about their job on a computer. Theycan go to websites to find good safe jobs that makes good money. Plus if you have a computer you can easily work from home. Some people dont have the money for babysitters so have to watch their kids all day so have to work from home to make money. Finally people can apply for jobs or even community service online. My sister, @PERSON1, got her first job by going on the @CAPS4 museums website and applying right there on the computer. Therefore computers are good. I say this because people can interact with other people online, people can research useful information, and finally computers help people find jobs and make money. Do you use computers for any of these reasons?"	4	5	9
694	"Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1 you see, owning a computer can effect you. Having a computer can make you have lazy behavier, can @CAPS2 you from being indoors, and can @CAPS2 you inside so you dont hang out with family and friends. Everyone loves having a computer, but have you ever thought what it can do to you? Spending all day or even half your day on the computer will make you lazy. When your lazy or becoming lazy you dont want to do anything, and without doing anything you can become overweight. So, you need exersize because it's good for you and exersizing can protect you from health problems such @CAPS1 diebities. Get off your computer, and go for a walk. Why would anyone want to be indoors on a computer when you can go enjoy what nature posses. Being so drawn to your computer can @CAPS2 you indoors instead of breathing fresh, clean air which is outside. Being outside can be lots of fun too. You can go swimming or even have a picnic in your local park. When your outside you can also see all the breathtaking scenery, wild animals, and exotic plants and flowers that live among us. If you just go outside for atleast an hour a day you'll see fore sure how much better it is than being on a computer. Staying on the computer for too long can @CAPS2 you from what realy matters, your friends and family. Why talk on the internet to a friend when you can meet up with them and do something fun? Friends and family are realy important and if you don't spend time with them they can become upset. Being with friends and family are supposed to be the best moments of your life, so dont spend them on the computer. Go call up a friend and do something fun, I hope by now you understand that being on the computer or having one is not the best idea. Having a computer can make you lazy, @CAPS2 you from enjoying nature, and can have you not spend time with family and friends. If everyone got off the computer for at least a hour a day they'll live a happier, healthier life. So, turn off your computer get off your couch, and enjoy your life."	4	4	8
695	"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 back a couple decades ago, before computers existed. What do you see? There were children outside exercising, playing with friends, and living somewhat danger-free lives then came the computer. Computers are driving the next generation to a dangerous life of staring at an assortment of pixers all day longels well as ruining any civilized relationships you had. I strangly believe that computers have a negative affect on society. Did you know that as tha number of computers sold increases the obesity rate has gone up @PERCENT1 since computers came into our lives why? Because people spend way too much time on and not enough time exercising! Computers another affect of the long hours spent in front of screen is a decrease in eyesight ability. My family friend, @PERSON2 had to get glasses because his eyes were damaged by the computer. ""I'm worried about my daughter's eyes...she stares at that screen for hours on end!"" @CAPS2 @PERSON3, a concerned parent at @ORGANIZATION1. How could something so harmful possibly be good for our society? Speaking of hurtful, the internet is very unsafe. Predators surf the web, looking for young, innocent people to meet and most likely abuse @PERCENT2 of parents much been monitoring their children's computer usage parents are unaware that the internet makes it easy to talk to anybody in the world, from @LOCATION1 to @LOCATION2! Monitoring would also come in handy when it comes to innapropriate videos, pictures, and discussions on the internet. It is so easy to be surfing the web and fall upon things you should not be seeing! Lastly, people easily get caught up in being hidden behind a computer, and say mean, hurtful things that would never be said to one's face! these unfortunate factors cause many of the issues between people today. Speaking of which, computers have a very negative affect on relationships nowadays. As I mentioned earlier, so many fights happen through computer communications. Even if online conversations are friendly, they get people accustomed to making people ""@CAPS3"" through a computer, not face to face. After being in a computer-oriented friendship, people tend to forget how to act face to face and find personal meetings awkward. @PERSON1, an eighth grader at @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS4, ""I can't @CAPS5 only talking through computers, never being civilized with other human beings! Unfortunately, that is where computers are leading us to..."" @CAPS5 never seeing your best friend in person , only through technology! It @MONTH1 not even be your friend. It could be a dangerous poser! This is yet another problem...through the internet, you @MONTH1 not even know who such relationships are with! It could be fake, and you'd have no idea. Spending all day rolling away in front of a computer, putting yourself and relationships in danger is, unfortunately, the effect of computers. Computers are not worth the terrible consequences civilization must face. I @CAPS6 urge you to stop the advances in technology now, before it is too late! Make the change today."	5	5	10
696	"@CAPS2 people think, the invention of computer, and the internet is a terrify thing, but truly @CAPS6 is terrible time consumer. The local newspaper is doing a survay about peoples opinion about technology. People spend way to much time on computers while they could be outside, enjoying nature, excercising, or interacting with people in person. The advancements in technology just wasteing your time. When the weather is people should be out side enjoying @CAPS6 instead of wasteing time day on the @CAPS1 sun can be very harmful to your skin, seen the sun can help and boost you energy, the carbon dioxide in buildings causes people to become sleepy. @PERCENT1 of people survayed by @ORGANIZATION1 sold they feell more when they go outside. @CAPS2 people People are while they could be excercising obesitey is a people sit at the computer all day, @CAPS6 contributes to the @CAPS2 kids have stopped participating the much computer. @PERCENT2 of people by the @CAPS3 computer people spend and friends. they see inperson, people will forget their manners because they are not used online. People who support computer usage might say. That their are ways to talk @CAPS3 @CAPS4, ect. But online chatting @CAPS5't always safe, @CAPS1 on your buddy list @CAPS6 @MONTH1 friends out unless you can see their face, you can Computers have become to much of a distraction to the society. Computers have caused people to forget ow to use manners and communicate in the real world. Now is the time to get on your feet and find something else to do! Responsible towns people are."	4	5	9
697	"Dear Local newspaper, @CAPS1 you know that every @NUM1 out of @NUM2 obese children spend @NUM3 or more hours a day on a computer? Computer @MONTH1 be fast and convient, but why of computer our country is one of the most obese countries in the world because of the ""technology"". Computers are bad for humans because they keep people from enjoying nature, keep people from spending quality time with their families, and they give people less time to excersice. First off, people can't enjoy nature. As you know, forest are being chopped down and pollution is destroying our world. People need to see how beautiful our world is if we really want to save it. Second, being on a computer makes you stay inside. People stay inside for at least 6-@NUM2 hours a day depending on your job or if you are in school. Lastly, @CAPS2, computers take away from time that should be spent with friends or family. First people will became anti-social. When being on computer for a long time, people will forget how to interact with others. With millions of people like that, our society will soon become choos. @CAPS2, some people do all of their they get obsessed and then their family @MONTH1 leave them. They will they fall into a depression. Last, computers are a waste of time, money and effort. This shows why computers are bad. Lastly, being on a computer gives you less time to exsecise and stay healthy. First of all, people will get fat. With less time to exersize, people can't burn the calories and will get obese. Then, without excersice, peoples' bobies will become more prone to diease and injury. Last but not least, people without healthcare won't be able to pay the medical bills and @MONTH1 become homeless. This is why computers are bad."	4	4	8
698	"Dear local Newspaper, @CAPS1 has come to @CAPS2 attention that we are debating on weather or not computers benefit society. Well if you ask me, I think @CAPS1 does. For one computers help with entertainment. Second of all, they're very information. Lastly, computers make life less stressful. In the following paragraphs I will explain on @CAPS2 reasoning. Firstly, computers give entertainment. Now I can see why people say we should go out side more and excersize but, what are supposed to do on a rainy day? Well, you could go on the computer! Plus, computers give children enjoyment and make them happy, instead of being sometimes. Another reason why computers are good, is they can give children modivation. Say you're child really wants to play a new game on his favorite website, but his homework isnt done you could tell him if he gets his homework done he can play on the computer. Also, you could give him a time limit on @CAPS1 too. Lastly, for a teenager or older they are more social than little children. They go on things like ; twitter, facebook and myspace. Computers is probably their @NUM1 or @NUM2 way they communicate. Unfortuneatley. Some people abuse these rights and people get in trouble. But the good thing is you can customize you page so that won't happen. Any way children become more social. Secondly, computers are informational. They can tell you a lot by just the touch of keypad and the click of a mouse. You can search someone or something across the whole world. If you want to know the mother and how to prepare for @CAPS1, just look @CAPS1 up and do what you have to. Also, if you find out something new tell people, you can spread the knowledge. Thirdly, computers make things less stressfull. which would you rather do, type or @NUM3 pages? Well I'd type! computers make things more organized so @CAPS1's easier to find things. @CAPS1 also makes @CAPS1 easier to find things, like files because you can just do to ""@CAPS2 documents"" and find @CAPS1. As you can set computers are an important part our lives. Can you imagine a world without computers? I sure couldn't! So far i've said computers are entertaining, informational and make things less stressful. I hope you take @CAPS2 letter into concideration."	4	4	8
699	"Do you use a computer? Is there one at your house? Well, the average household owns two computers, but this isn't good, @CAPS2 computers are taking valuable time away from hobbies, nature, and real-life. First, computers take time away from hobbies and friends. Some of my friends spend @NUM1 hours on the computer a day that they could be playing. a sport or hanging out. Also, the computers become the center of their lives. People ask me "" @CAPS1 weren't you online @TIME1?"" and i answer ""@CAPS2 i have a life that doesn't revolve around @CAPS3."" @CAPS4, the computer takes time away from nature. People dont acknowledge the beauty of the outdoor. Now that our lives are so orderly, we need the wilderness even more than @CAPS2 it helps us to appreciate ourselves more and appreciate how special our planet computer take all that away! Third, computers take us away from real-life. Some people dont know how to have a face-to-face conversation, they only know how to communicate by email or @CAPS5. I acknoowledge that getting away from real life can be relaxing but some people dont know which side the stomp goes on a letter. It @MONTH1 old-fashioned, but i believe people put their heart something you can't do by email. In conclusion, computers take time away from real-life, nature and your hobbies. Plus, you can get arthritis in your hands if you type to much."	4	4	8
700	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 your at home and you are on the computer. But its been hours maybe even days since you've takin a breath of fresh air outside. This @MONTH1 sound cpzy, yet it is a reality for over <@PERCENT1@NUM1> of the population in @LOCATION1. Just loo around they are in movies, chain resurant at your home, in your office and even in schoold; computers are everywhere. I know that because of over using computers amny experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising and enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends, I say that because of this peopel every where shold only be allowed to use the computer on a rain everday, say @CAPS2 to computers. My point is with computers our days are wasted with vertual games and other downloads. For starter, people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising. Over the past two years obeseity has become a major issue in @LOCATION1 with over @PERCENT1 of the population obeseity causesan ectreamly higher risk of getting diseases and sickness like diabeaties, heart failure and even depression. recently my cousin passed away from canser caused by her fat or obeseity. My point is we can't sit her doing nothing get up and get moving away from that computer in addition to this people should get off computers and start enjoying nature. A total of <@PERCENT1@NUM2> of personals in @LOCATION1 don't spend enough time out side. With global warning killing our environment people would care enouhg to psend a little girl of their time outside. didi you know that more and more of the environment is disappering each day? I went to my good friends and expert on all things envieronmental from the instate of clean our world or cow. "	4	4	8
701	"Dear @CAPS1 post, I have been thinking about the way computers affect our lives. Oh this very topic, I am agreeing with the experts who say people are sending too much time on their computers and less time doing other things. I do believe everyone, including myself, spends a lot of time online. Even if it was research, don't you think it would be better to stick our head in a book to get the information? The same thing apires to computer games, such as virtual kickball outside? The main reasons I am trying to get are computers hold us back, they are not physically able to help us, and going away from the computer, or even going outside would be better. I had mentioned how computers hold us back, the more time we spend; the more daylight we burn to do other things. I say this because instead of going outside. We want to stare at a screen and play games or chat with friends. Online chat especially has an effect on most people because were trading in a fun day for one where we just talk online and back internet. I also believe if we had a time limit on computers it is more a push to be social and go out and do things. Unforthetly, computers from that, and all we end up waiting to do is nothing. Another reason is that computers can't physically help us and make us active. I can to this one because I am a cheerleader, and I am constantly on youtube learning how to stretch and do new things. Even though I learn and spend time to watch how it's done I get hurt and can't do it. Which is why I try getting cut more to a gymnastics teacher who can physically help and interact with how I'm doing. Lastly, I believe that the less time we spend would help us and be so much better. I know, after an hour or more online. I feel lazy and I don't want to do anything. However, if I go outside I feel full of energy and I'm active. Being off the computer feels better and is better. To sum it all up, computers are great to have, but to much of them isn't. It really does hold us back, and is worse for our health. Oh, and one last thing, too much time makes you less active. However, thank you for reading."	4	4	8
702	"Dear local newspaper, I disagree because it would give kids, children to do negative thing like being rude, not listening, being loud, not doing homework just because your on the computers. Please listen to why I disagree here are some reason why. I know when i am on the computer my mom every @NUM1 mins what you own because there nasty things on that computers that kids, children be looking at you never now they could learn how to kill someone just being on the computer. I know when I go on that computer I am rude and disrespectful because when I am on you can tell me nothing because I was into the computer my attention move to the computer. Thats why they should have @CAPS1 computers because it takes the attention. I don't listen while I am on the computer my mom tell's me to get on "" I will say ""@CAPS1"" I am doing some thing she will tell me to get off i @CAPS1 leave me alone because I am on the computer and because I am focus on the computer. And I have the computer loud so @CAPS1 one could get my attention so I have the computer allways loud because my main focus was the computer than I'll do whatever later. O and I don't even remember what be happend when I get on the computer. Not doing your school. I know I be telling my mom let me use the computer so I could do my school work and I be getting on different things instead f doing my homework my mom be like t through you were doing you homework and say ""I did finish my homework when I know I did not finish my homework but I only say it because my focus was on the ocmputer. These are reason why the society should take back the computer. I hope you undertand the reasons I give you because the society should really stop giving out the computers in the first place. If you have a daughter or a son and know they have said some of thease things now you know you children have been and always lied to you. Know I could olny the computer for @NUM2 min each day. So yes take them away."	4	4	8
703	"To: The @ORGANIZATION1 can be a big part mof people's lives, however, some don't realize the negative effect these pieces of technology have. First, staring at a computer screen is unhealthy for your body. Secondly, anyone can post information on a website, therefore, it can be inaccurate. Lastly, people tend rely on computers too much. Computers are negatively impacting our society! The first reason why clearly, computers are not benefiting people is because they can cause unhealthy symptoms. For example, if you are playing games on the computer for hours, it can strain your eyes. This can cause you to feel tired and drowsy after being on the computer. Also, statistics show that @PERCENT1 of @CAPS1 own computers. Could this be the cause of obesity in @LOCATION1? Computers could very well be restricting people from wanting to go outside and excercising to maintain a healthy lifestyle and weight. Computers are obviously unfit for our bodies in many ways. Have you ever wondered if the information on a website is completely accurate and true? I know I have. Anyone who has access to a computer can post information on a blog, website, or communication site (such as twitter, facebook, or myspace). Not everyone who posts articles is an expert on that topic; the information could very well be false! More and more @CAPS1 use computers to get the information they need, which could, in the long run, be hurting them. Books are much more accurate! They have to be revised by editord, and are written by people who definitely know what they're talking about! Therefore, computers are, without-a-doubt, hurting our nation because of false facts. Lastly, computers have a negative effect because we rely on them too much! For example let's say you are writing a paper on the computer that is due tomorrow. You save it, and then close down the computer because you have to go eat dinnder. Later, you come back to the laptop to find that your paper isn't there anymore! You look all over your folders; but it's gone. Computers always have technical glitenes, but you don''t always have time to go to the tech help store to fix it. However, if you had written out the paper, it wouldn't have randomly disappeared! @CAPS4 people depend on computers too much, it can backfire and cause a @CAPS3 problem for you. My sixth grade teachers once said, ""@CAPS4 I was in college, I had a big french paper due. I worked hard all night to get it done. Then, @CAPS4 I went back to print it, it had been erased. I had to rewrite the whole thing again!"" Computers have a big negative effect on society because we tend to depend on them too much. In conclusion, computers are hurting our society, clearly, they are unhealthy for our bodies. Also, the information on the computers internet might be naccurate. Lastly, we rely on computers too much, which leads to problems. I strongly believe we should recluce our dependence on computers! "	6	5	11
704	"Dear local newspaper, I think more people shouldn't spent time on their computer. The reasons why I think this is because people should spend time with their family and friends, second they need to exercis more, and last go outside enjoy nature. My first reason is that people that have computers stay in their rooms all day and don't get fresh air. They need to go out and enjoy nature. People who love animals and like to study animals should go out and get fresh air watch the animals study them. Haveing a computer is you could study animals like that is ok but you dont want to got stuck on the computers. go outside and watch them instead of looking at the computer screen. My second reason is that people do get more exercis. People are getting fat because they are sitting at the computer and not doing any movement. Peple are becoming lazy every day because they are on the computers @NUM1. Is you like to be on the computer and study go for a walk, run, joy, or ride a bike to the get some so a while. My last reason is that more people need to interact with their friends and family. People should get off the computer and make some plans with their family.Have a get together with your family and go places and chill. People who be on the computers don't spend time with there family dont know whats going on around them. Some people go into depresion because they are on the computers not enough time with family. These ar my reason why i think that we shouldn't be on the computers. We should spend more time with friends family or go outside, and enjoy nature."	4	4	8
705	"Dear @CAPS1, I think that people I should they to excersize more than they go on the computer. Computer are one of the main reasons of our nations obessed rate being as big as it is now including junk foods like mcdoanld. I'm a big fan of computers myself don't get me wrong. I would on the computer all night if I could but I don't want my body out. I go to bed at @NUM1 I usally stay on the computer for an hour or two depends if I'm doing a project. Also goign on the computer less could make your life more fun instead of sitting inside go outside and play some sports like football, hang out with your friends have a @CAPS2 with your family. Do something else than be on . Conclesively, if people just puxh them selves to stay on the computer for an @NUM2 hour and a half the obessed! will go down. It could also help save our planet by saving the energy."	3	3	6
706	"Computers do benefit are society. They have changed the world alot. You can do many things on the internet. On the computer, you can chat with people everywhere. The computer helps the world. These are ways how computers do benefit our society. There are many things you can do on the internet. You can play games with people. You can talk to people on certain websites. You can look up vaction spots. If your tired of being home, then just go on the internet. These are things you can do on the internet. On the computer, there are many settings. Out of all of them, chatting is the best. You can be playing a game and still chat. If you chatting with someone, you can still chat with another person. You can chat with people from across the world. This is why chatting is the best setting. Computer helps the world in many ways. It helps kids if they need to research something. It helps the cops catch the bad people. The computer helps parents get from their children by vaction ads. This is has the computer helps the world. The computer does benifit our society. It has change the world. You can do many things on it. On the computer, you can chat with people from anywhere. The computer helps the world everyday. This is how the computer benifits our society."	3	3	6
707	"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 opinion on the effects computers have on people is a positive effect. Three main reasons are that people learn more about cultures, places, and some people work online. @CAPS1 first reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because they help you learn about cultures around the world. Learning about cultures is very important because if people travel they need to know how they can respect each other. @CAPS1 second reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because they help you learn about places around the world the world. Learning about places is very important because you could get lost. It also helps you by telling you which places are famous to visit. @CAPS1 third reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because some people find jobs online. Other people work online. This benefits people in a positive way. In conclusion computers have a positive effect on people because its helps people learn about cultures, places, and jobs around them."	3	3	6
708	"@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 you @CAPS2 want your kids & citizens to get fat and lazy? Or be active, learn everyday skills and become more friendly to life people around you? @PERCENT1 of parents would agree with me on the second idea over the first one. Well I think after reading this those extra @PERCENT2 will be persuaded. Now a days @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people are over weight or obese. This can be causes by lack of exercise and inactivity. Our children need to learn @CAPS1 go out and exercise an hour a day. This could got their eyes off the computer screen. A great way to help encourage to join a sports team or a club. This can work to people away from screens and the @ORGANIZATION2 course. If we can get people out of the office this could even push them towards nature. Their are great things to @CAPS1 at the local park every day. For example you could ride a bike play games or just fool around with friends. Learning could also be a big faster in getting people out of their computer chairs. If they want to look up tell them to use dictionary, theasaurus or a book. If people on the computer but it can be teach kids and drugs. Bt @CAPS1 help find carrer options and life. sitting on front of a screen can your health and also. Their are better things to @CAPS1. Instead via internet. You can still have fun if you not good at just for instance and friends. If your a boy you could just go @CAPS1 like a park and pay carrer base bill or even wrestle. In conclusion I'd say this would want to get up and get outside. Since geting p and side could help you socialize and learn and even loose weight. So now I leave it in the hands of you whether or not to take the challenge. But just to fill you if you stay your computer it can promote the need for glasses obesity."	4	4	8
709	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS1 @CAPS2, Computers are beginning to be a problem in many households. I feel that too many people are becoming addicted to computers. People like this are more likely to gain weight, have little social time, and spend too much time inside. In @CAPS6 article I have recently read in the @ORGANIZATION1, it was about @CAPS6 experiment on computer use. Dr. @PERSON1, a @CAPS3 professor stated that his findings showed that people who are addicted to computers only leave their homes to run errands. When this happens, it interferes with their lives as well as their bodies, because our bodies need sunlight. Furthermore, his study also showed that people who go outside more and not on the computer as much tend to be happier. @PERCENT1 of the study's patients started to be more joyful once they stopped going on the computer as often. I like when the people around me are happy, not grouchy, don't you? I have been noticing some kids in my school that are gaining weight. These are kids who have recently started going on the computer for a couple hours at a time everyday. This is very bad for your health and body. If someone sits at their computer all day eating the food is not being worked off, so it all turn to fat. Moreover, statistics show that @PERCENT2 of all obese people in a weight loss class had gained their extra weight from sitting at the computer all day. If people treat their bodies this way, they could end up with some type of condition. Last week, @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @NUM1 intervied @NUM2 year old @PERSON2. @PERSON2's best friend has been ignoring @PERSON2 because he got a @ORGANIZATION1 computer. Now, @PERSON2's friend doesn't want to hang out with @PERSON2, or any of his other friends. In addition, when people become addicted to computers, they become less social with friends and other people like parents, teachers, and more. When people push aside their social time for computer games, chat rooms, or movie websites, they lose a large portion of their life. This can be stopped if parents put their foot down, set limits, and make kids spend more time outside. As you can clearly see, computers @MONTH1 have some benefits, but they have many disadvantages. Addicted compuer users become less social, they don't go outside and start to ""pack on the pounds."" @CAPS6 effect of this is a world full of people who sit on the computer all day eating food and gaining weight."	5	5	10
710	"Dear Readers, I believe that spending time on the computer has its pros and cons. For the good things people are able to do research talk to people such as friends and family and also the computer can help you learn about anything you need to know about. I also think that there are some cons. People spend way to much time becomming distracted, you ignore your family without even knowing it and if you are just staring at a computer screen which can perminatly damage your eyes. I'm going to start with the good things about how computers have effects on people. The computer is great if you have to do research. If you need information on anything you can search it. Like if you have to do research on a certain project or subject the computer is the fastest way to get the information you need. Another good thing is that you have the capibility to talk to people such as friends and family. To me that is very important and I'm sure for you it is too. Thats what I believe a few of the good things are. Now, I'm going to talk about the bad things. I firmly believe that people are spending way too much time on the computer, without knowing how long has gone by! You just stare at the screen, which is not good for your eyes. It can perminatly damage them. One last thing I would like to mention, is that when you are on the computer they tend to ignore their friends and family which could be a big problem. These were just a few examples about how the computer has an effect on people."	4	3	7
711	"Dear @ORGANIZATION2, I am expressing my concern to you about the side effect new technologies, such as computers have an humans. Computers impact humans in a harmful manner because people are spending too much @ORGANIZATION1 their quality time on their computers which additionally leads to less time spent doing exercise. People also do not get to spend as much as their days outdoors and interacting with friends and family. Firstly, people are spending too much @ORGANIZATION1 their time surfing the net. Study show that an average @CAPS1 spends in total @NUM1 hours a day on the computer, almost double what they should be spending on it. Dr. @DR1 from the @CAPS1 technology society, says' that if this increases @ORGANIZATION1 time spent on the internet, continues for more years, most @CAPS3 will completly lose contact with family and friends outside @ORGANIZATION1 the social computer network. The average weight @ORGANIZATION1 a @NUM2 year old has increased from @NUM3 pounds in @DATE1, to @NUM4 pounds today. Statistics show that the main caus for this dramatic increase in weight is due to the acessive amount @ORGANIZATION1 time spent on computers in addition @CAPS4 do not have as much time to exercise. Teenagers need to exercise three times a week for thirty minutes each. @CAPS5 the average adolescent only spend ten minutes a week exercising not including gym. All @ORGANIZATION1 these numbers must change and a way to start would be losing the computer because people are spending too much time on them and less time exercising. Secondly, comuters are effecting the people get to go outside and enjoy nature. Form my personal experience nature is a beautiful thing to be apart @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS5 now adays I spend way too much time on social networks such as facebook, my space and @CAPS6 others. How often do you go outside to take a walk, fo for a bike ride or something else? A study done by @PERSON2 shows that the average person living in @LOCATION1 have only spent a total @ORGANIZATION1 @NUM5 days outside in the past two years after reciving their new computer. This must change people need to enjoy what this world has to offer. Thirdly, computers have effected the interaction between family and friends. ""@CAPS6 people hav only been interacting with family at mandatory times such as school meetings."" says @ORGANIZATION1. Family and friends are a major importance in everyones lives. I love to sit down and talk with my mom over a steaming cup @ORGANIZATION1 hot chocolate. @PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION1 people now a days do not spend anytime with family and @PERCENT2 @ORGANIZATION1 people use computers to interact with friends. It is vitally important that people stop using computers because ""before you know it you will have lost all communication with family and friends"" says @PERSON1 from I.U.M Computers help people lose communication and interaction with fmily and friends. In conclusion, I urge you to make the right desion by quitting using computers and in return will be a much happier and stronger individual. Computers impact humans in a terrible way because people spend too much time on them leading to a lack in exercise, time spent outside and in addition interaction between friends and family. Sorry about the lack @ORGANIZATION1 organization towards the end, I ran out @ORGANIZATION1 space. Please excuse the mess. Thank you."	5	5	10
712	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 you know someone who lives faraway from you? Or have you ever used @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS3? These are only a few of the techniches a computer has. Computers benefitted society greatly. It helps people @CAPS2 things such as allow people to talk to each other, goin skills from playing games, and it has images and it is easier. As I ,mentioned, computers allow us to communicate with other people. This way, we don't have to talk to people in person. it would get annoying if every time we wanted to talk to someone of three things would happen without computers. those would be either getting trouble at school, memorizing a phone number and the dialing it, or talking to than in person. Clearly, computers make it easier to talk to people. Next, computers allow us to talk to faraway friends or family. You could write an e-mail or talk to them in a chat. This helped me because I talk to one of my friends in @LOCATION1 and just recently sent an e-mail to my aunt. Without a doubt, computers make it easier for us to communicate with other people, no matter how far. Secondly, every computer that I have seen is able to play some sort of game, whether it be by a disk or on a website. These games can teach us many skills. The first skill we could learn is typing. just a few days ago, I was playing a game where you had @NUM1 seconds to type as many words as you can, as fast as you can. If you make a mistake one second decreases off of your time. It also gets harder as you go, getting from just three letter words to five letter words to even seven letter words and so on. Also, a class that at @CAPS4. information processing, is about computer. Once we were finished with our assignments, we could play type to learn @NUM2. That is also a typing game. As you can see, some games can teach us how to type. Another type of games where you need guide-thinking to be able to win. This teaches nto be ready for almost anything. Also, it teaches us to process what is around you and decide in a decision. In real-life situations you @MONTH1 only have a few seconds to react. Games such as these help in real-life situations. The last type of game is the tower defense. This shows us teenager to think like our lives depended on it. If we were to evr join the army and become some sort of captain, we would be able to organize our trops in the best mannor we could think of these tower defense games also teach us think and plan ahead. In these types of games, it costs money to bag upgrades buy @LOCATION1 towers. One decision is to either buy a weaker upgrade now or save for a stronger one in a little bit. Tower defense games make us make better decisions. Games @MONTH1 be fun, but they teach us skills too. Lastly, computer make things easier and have images on @ORGANIZATION2. One thing that a computer makes easier."	4	4	8
713	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 Readers, Some of you might think people exercise computers. They don't act outside enough or interact with family or pets. You also @MONTH1 think that they are not getting enough exercise.Well you are right but I am going to explain way your wrong. You can do things like learn, socialize, and actually become healthy. The first thing you could do is learn. While you are on the internet you can go to learning websites. Some of thoes websites can teach you about faraway places like @LOCATION1, @ORGANIZATION1, @LOCATION2 and many more. You can also learn about people and their cultures. Take @CAPS3 @CAPS4 for example, you could learn their culture and the @CAPS5 they celebrate and why. Another thing you could do is take online classes if you are having trouble in school. Another thing you could do so the computer is socialize. You might think or say that when you are on the computer you cant socialize with family and friends. Well you can. There are websites like @CAPS6 and facebook where all you do is talk to family and friends. Now you can webcam people. When you webcam you can see the person whom you are talking to you can hear them and they could hear you through a microphone on the webcam. Lastly you could go into chatrooms like @CAPS7 ( aol instant message ) and talk to people while you are on that sight. The last thing you can do is become more healthy. Is it not surprising? yes, you can go onto websites that teach you day by day how to eat right and exercise. Websites like @PERSON1 esang.com car give you a might eating schedual right for your . After that website you could go out and get the you will need. Another thing that the computer offers is hand-eye coordination. While you are looking at the screen your had is controling the "" mouse"" while the, mouse controls where you go on the worldwide web. Lastly you will eventually want to go outside after visiting websites that show you moments and gardens of this world. So now hopefully you agree with me that computers do acctually benift some things in life. I have showed you what you can learn about, talk to people and socialize and lastly help you with your health. "	5	5	10
714	"Dear Newspaper, I think that computers have a lot of effect on people @CAPS1 their not getting the exercis they need coz there just exercising there fingers. And while there at the computer there not looking at nothing else but the screen and thats not good for anyones health if there just looking at a computer screen the hole time. Another reason why i think at affects people @CAPS1 there not eatin wat they need to eat there just eatin something quick like junck food so they could on the computer. All are this effect stay on the @CAPS1 people either go places or have atheres might not be going out time their effects need to"	3	2	5
715	"Dear, Local Newspaper @CAPS1 here to inform you that the time we spend on computers is needed because it helps you with information, it helps you to become smarter and it helps you with hand-eye coordination. I will now explain to you why the time we spend on computers is needed by stating these three reason. My first reason I'll like to state that will convince you with the time we spend on computer's are needed is it helps us with information and it teaches stuff about place's, people, culture and more it teaches us useful information which takes a while to learn so the time we spend on computeres is needed to learn new information. My second reason I'll like to state that will convince you with. The time we spend on computer's are needed is it helps us to become smarter. Say if you needed help with fractions you can go on a math site it helps you with it. Computers make you become become smarter. And at the end of the day it's about who's smarter not who does more excerise. My third and final reason which contribute to why we spend the time we spend on computer are needed because it teaches you good hand-eye coordination because it help with typing and become more faster to do essay's and when you have good hand-eye coordination you dont make a lot of mistake's typing. So I have come to my conclusion why a lot of computer time is needed because it helps with information, you become smarter, and it teaches good hand-eye coordination this is why a lot of computer time is needed probably even more computer time is needed. A lot of computer time is needed because you get smarter plus it beneifts society."	4	4	8
716	"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 has come to my attention that those who support advances in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people and others are disagreering with this comment. In my point of view I believe that computers are effecting some people today and that people are spending a hudge amount of time on computers. The time spent on computers is getting outragous! Many people are just sitting home and staying on thier computer just playing games. Although the computer can be a great way to pay bills and come in contact with others faraway, people are taking advantage of computers and even billing others online. Since your not right infront of the person or near by the computer is a tool for many people to say threatning things without anyone else knowing which could cause fights, or other terrible things. The computer can also be very dangerous in many ways. For example sites like myspace and twitter can be dangerous for teens because of rapest. Some random person colud just start talking to you and ask you to meet them some where which could be dangerous. The computer is also dangerous because you could have inappropriate pictures posted on websites of you and not even know @CAPS1! The last reason why computers and laptops effect people is because of hacking. This is a big issue especially if you have a webcam. Some people know how to back your webcame and can watch what your doing without you knowing. People can also hack into your computer and look at all your documents. I think computers is a big effect on people today and this effect should be solved!"	4	4	8
717	"Although many people love to be on computer palying video games and have cyber chats, most of them don't know how bad a computer can be even though I experience a great time on the computer, I know how bad it is. Here is a short example. You can experience problems with your computer, if you stay on the computer for to long it can over heat and that can cause it to stop working. Another problem is side effects. you can get headaches from just staring at the screen for to long. Those headaches over time can become even worst. You @MONTH1 even get poor vision from a computer. Computers can also be addicting. Because of your addictition with computers you @MONTH1 become less close with family or friends, causing your social life to be very minimal. Also, because of the addiction, it @MONTH1 work its way to your daily routines causing you to have to play it daily and more thatn the average person does. Your personality @MONTH1 also change with your social life and routine. Lastly, computers can be very dangerous. if your child gets on to one he @MONTH1 accidentlly link heimself to a dirty or bad websites. He then to the negatives of a computer. On a computere your child will probally be shown things like words to pornographic features. These are all things that should not be allowed to access on a computer. Computers are addicting, they cause problems and are dangerous wrong in my opinion should be stopped. Now you think we should do about computers."	4	4	8
718	"Dear editor, @CAPS1 name is @CAPS2 and I am a @NUM1 year old girl; yet active in reading the daily newspaper. As I was going through last weeks newspapers, I saw an ad to write an article about either the negative or positive factors about computers. I am here to persuade other readers about the negative affects computers have on people. As an active member of the computer, I take part in all negative factors. People who spend more than one hour on the computer are involved in @CAPS3, @CAPS4, or playing a computer game. of those kids are too involved in their compute games. I saw this segment on @CAPS5 @NUM2 about how @PERCENT1 of all teens play on the computer atleast once when they are supposed to be homework. Computer games distract from kids learning. Kids feel that @CAPS3 is more inportant than doing math homework. Computers don't benefit to kids learning. Kids or even adults who are too involved in some use of computers don't want to talk. They feel they need to focus on winning and beating all their friends. To win, people can't talk, just focus on the game. Kids who need to win and not talk could lead to lifetime results. Being self-consious or having no social skills are the biggest lifetime results from being too involved in a computer game. That is how being too involved in computer games affects their social skills. Kids who are too involved in their computer games, don't get enough exrcersize causing obsity. Kids think they are getting exrcersize by playing but in reality they are doing nothing at all. Kids think they can't leave their game, but they can. there is always a pause button somewhere on the screen. Soon kids get addicted to playing and dont think going outside is important anymore. That is how computer games cause long term effects. In conclusion, computers have no benefits on people. Computers cause no learning to be done anti-socialism, and abesity. All of these results are long term which causes you life to be okay. I dont you want a happy and successful life?! I know I do!"	5	4	9
719	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 you know computers are a major part of our society. Ever since the first computer they have been improved so much, that now you dont even need a keyboard. Having computers benifits our society because it allows us to learn about technology, and how to memorize when we start to type a lot. You have an opportunity to learn about things you like. And @CAPS2 a plus you can communicate with people from all over the world. Every day you learn something new! Learn a lot now, and you will be better off down the road! That's all teachers say. We'll computers do just that. Computers can teach us! The more you use a computer the more you know about it. You can learn about how it's made and the vireses it can have. The computers can also teach you in a way you might never have thought of. When you sit at a computer and type you start to memorize where certin letters, numbers and punctuation are. Now you @MONTH1 ask what about the little kids? How do they learn from computers? They sell millions of games for kids to help them learn even before pre-school. In fact @PERCENT1 of all kids who start off playing educational games before entering pre-school are ahead. How great is that? Kids and adults both go on computers. For kids when they go on computers they are doing things they enjoy. For example my brother is really into parcore. Parcore is when a bunch of people do flips, off of buildings, walls, or anything they can find. When he goes on the computer he looks up different parcore tricks he can do or learn to do. For adults they use it for work. They to, might have to look up things for a meeting they might have, or a buisness that they might have to work with. Using computers could be fun for some and work for others. But eather way they are using computers ina way that can help them down the road. Communication is one of the main reasons people use computers. There is e-mail, @CAPS3, twitter, facebook, myspace, and so much more.If you were to ask ten randum people on the street and asked them if they have a facebook @PERCENT2 of them will say yes. Communication is key when it comes to buisnesses and relationships. For relationships like family and friends having a computer to talk from if they are far away is great. Even for buisnesess using those internet communications you can communicate to people if your going to be late. Computers have been and always will be a huge part in our society. The computers help us in ways like learning communication, and work, knowing that this technology can help us suesede is great."	5	4	9
720	"Dear @CAPS1, Computers tend to have more negative effects on people, rather than positive. This is true because people @MONTH1 not be getting enough exercise, people @MONTH1 not be enjoying nature to the forest, and lastly, because in this world, people do not spend enough time with family and friends. Computer are good to have around the house, but. To begin, people are spending too much time on computers. They are having more of a negative effect because while on the computer, you are not getting excercise. Think about the a day doing fat because of all the fast food on the computer while eating it. Obeseity now a days is a big concern with the @ORGANIZATION1. Staying on the computer does not help the situation. Any concerned person, technologically challenged would agree the countless ones on the computer are no good for the health of our country. Further more, people are spending too much time on computers and not enough beauty of nature. Many people, adults and have @DATE1 because they are world but there that should be explored and people should be thankful for beautiful that we have still @DATE1. They should be things wait to see it. Although communication is important for everyone, instead of talking on the computer, people should make plans with their family and friends. This idea also relates back to the lack of exercise and naivety of people. If people were to go out and enjoy life to the forest with their friends and family, there wouldn't be numerous hours a day wasted on a computer. People should get off their butts and go. Life is too short to sit around all day. Any intelligent person would realize that computer time isn't as fun as family and friend time. To conclude, computers are and have been very over-used recently. Instead of having problems, lack of sun, and just boring computer talk, people should got up and go. We only live once, and that once should be lived to the fulest!"	4	5	9
721	"I believe that computers have a positive effect on people. The three reasons I think this, is because computers enhance our hand-eye coordination, they give us the ability to research and find out information about a certain topic. They also allow us to communicate with people who we are not able to see very often. Computers, in fact, increase our hand-eye coordination. The usage of both the screen and the keyboard allow us to look only at tha sceen while typing on the keyboard. Hand-eye coordination is an important skill to have when excersising by playing sports or working out, which is also important and very good for our bodies. If you want in to apply for a job in, for example, an office, and you started stumbling and acting clumsy, then you @MONTH1 be looked at differently if you were organized and knew what your doing. This is why hand-eye coordination is important to people. Computers also have the amazing ability to search the world wide web. This gives us the ability to make millions of searches for any given topic. For example, In fifth grade I did a research project on @LOCATION2. Without all the useful information I found on the computer. I would have never been able to learn evrything I did. As most of the world already knows, there was a devestating earthquake in the small country of @LOCATION4. Computers was one of the ways that helped spread the word and get everyone to start helping and sending supplies and food to the victims. Also, if a family is thinking about going somewhere for a vacation, they can take care of most of the help on the computer. They could buy flight tickets, book a room at the hotel, and even get a rental car for when they land. This is what my family did on our vacation to @LOCATION1 and everything turned out perfectly all thanks to the computer and being able to do everything online. This is how the computer can help you research any topic. Lastly, you can use the computer to communicate with people that live far away and you rareley ever see. For example, my grandparents live in @LOCATION3, so I use video chat to talk to them since I only get the chance to see them one every two or three years. Also when my dad goes on buisness trips to other states or even something out of the country, we use instant messaging or video chat to keep in touch. Lastly, if you have friends or family who are fighting for america in @LOCATION5 right now, you can also use a video chat to communicate with them. So these are all my reasons why I believe computers have a positive effect on people. They help with hand-eye coordination, they give us the ability to research and find information on any topic through the internet, and lastly, the allow us to communicate with people who we are not able to see very often. These are my reasons and I hope you agree with me that computers have a positive effect on people today."	5	5	10
722	"Dear @CAPS1, This a letter telling you my opinion about computer. Yes people do spend that time in computers a lot, its because computers are very helpful in many ways. Computers help us with our job, school, work ect. For example science. Im in @NUM1 grade. My teacher @PERSON1 gives us homework; every @DATE1, we have to do @ORGANIZATION1 are @NUM2 facts about anything you want to write about. A lot of people look up bears on @ORGANIZATION2 and they do their assigment about bears. Jobs; secreatenes always have to use computer for everything in our school secreaterys and teachers use computers for attendance, grading. They check you, attendance, grade, phone number and schedule. Communication, my dad the computer wuth our family from @LOCATION1. We talk to know how they've been, to know whats new. Like a week ago I was chating to my cousin she told me her dog had @NUM3 puppies. My family also uses the computer, to order. My uncle went to ticketmaster.com and he ordered two tickets for wwe. He also orders his flight tickets in his computer, to go to @LOCATION1. Well my point is people use computer a lot because they are, very helpful in many ways. Its not good to just be in the computer it good to outside enjoy nature live your life exercise not only to be in shape, but for your health. @CAPS1 hope you enjoy and understand my opinion on computers. Thank you for taking your time and reading I really appreciate it."	4	4	8
723	"Dear local newspaper, @DATE1 I am going to write to you about if I think computers are a good idea or not. Yes, I do think computers are @CAPS12 awesome idea. I think this because @CAPS1 @CAPS2, you use computers for school projects. Next @CAPS2, it is @CAPS12 easy way to make friends from other towns. Last @CAPS2, you @CAPS10 @CAPS11 @CAPS12 @CAPS13. Yes, the electric bill could be higher, but for a good cause. You @CAPS10't just assume computers are bad for us, you might be surprised. @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I am going to explain to you why we need computers to do projects. Well, I @CAPS5 from personal experience, my social studies teacher always likes you to type your final draft. Also, using a computer makes your projects easier because @CAPS3 @CAPS4 fixes your mistakes, and @ORGANIZATION1 finds everything you need. I find it much more easy to use a computer for projects and I @CAPS5 all of my friends think it is also. If you aren't persuaded yet, keep reading because I @CAPS5 you will be eventually! Next @CAPS2, I am going to talk to you about making friends just with a computer. I @CAPS5 that parents these days are really happy when you have come home and made new friends. Just by using a computer you could easily go online, search friends you want to @CAPS11 to @CAPS5 better, and chat with them. (to make sure they are who you think!) The other day my friend @PERSON1 came up to me and said meet my friend @CAPS6 I met online! I was really happy for her and realized computers are helpful. Everybody needs friends that are there for them, and computers are the perfect conclusion for that! Last @CAPS2, I am going to talk to you more about why and how you could @CAPS11 @CAPS12 @CAPS13. Do you @CAPS5 what @ORGANIZATION1 is? You @CAPS10 search @CAPS7 on @ORGANIZATION1! If you really wanted to @CAPS5 something and you were really curios you could search on @ORGANIZATION1! This is a great way to @CAPS11 educated. Also, computers help you with @CAPS12 @CAPS13 because everytime you are on @CAPS3 @CAPS4 typing a random story it will fix your mistakes, and you will learn off of these mistakes. So, to sum up this paragraph, a computer is @CAPS12 easy way to @CAPS11 @CAPS12 easy @CAPS13, and YOU need to keep computers to see for yourself. In conclusion, I was asked to write a paper to you seeing if I would like to keep computers or not. By now you @CAPS5 that I would like to. In case you are iffy about my reasons, I will simply restate them. @CAPS1, you need a computer for projects. Second, you @CAPS10 make friends. Last, you @CAPS11 @CAPS12 @CAPS13. All of these things are a huge benefit in laer life. Don't forget YOU @CAPS10 @CAPS11 @CAPS12 @CAPS13! That is whta everybody would like! I @CAPS5 you will come through to yourself and agree. Thank you for listening to me."	5	5	10
724	"Dear @CAPS1, I think that computer are a waste of time, but they also help you in many ways. You should only go on the computer if you really have too. Peple are on the computer for hours at a time, they go on the computer if they are bored or if they don't want to go outside. People have made the computer daster and more effective. So more and more people buy computers each year. Computers als helsp you in al of ways, you can learn from a computer, you can find a job on the compter, and you can also shop on the computer. So if you need to find a job then you can go on the computer and find a job that is right for you. You can learn from the computer. The computer can give you so much information it is unbeleiveable, you can look up anything and even ask questions. Last, you can shop on the computer. Say you can find something in a store and you looked everywhere so you go home and you can go on the computer and find what you are looking for. But, you most likely are going to need a credit card. So this is why I think computer are helpful but a waste of time."	3	3	6
725	Dear news paper I think computers good for you because you can use the internet and myspace and videos and some school work like math and essays so yes I do think that computers are good for you because you can do all kind of things on computers. And computers can help you with school a lot and you can print out lots of things and why computers can help you is with your math writing spelling and most defyntly is science and ant also literature. The reason why I chose those @NUM1 things is because you can look those @NUM1 things up on. Computer and get the answer to math and spelling right like read @NUM3 helps you write and spell thats one at the reasons why I like computers because I can get on read @NUM3 and I love doing read @NUM3 a lot and I like the read @NUM3 class also because the computers sometimes I like reading on the computers but not all the time but I have to read that's how I'll first learn how to read by forsing my self forward to read. That's how I'll first learned how to read by computers and putting forse to my self. That's why computers is more important to me and look words up.	4	3	7
726	"Dear newspaper editor, With all due respect to anyone that thinks the computer doesn't benefit society, I strongly disagree. Yes, there are many people that neglect other activities to be on the comuter, and yes, the computer is an invention that a lot of people depend on, but the computer is also an invention that we can benefit from in many positive ways. For example, @CAPS1' @PERSON1, a hip-hop artist with millions of fans, wasn't able to finish high school or go to colledge because of his career. He decided to get a colledge degree, so he started to attend a colledge. He had difficulty being in colledge, however, because he was constantly being harrassed by his fans, so he started going to colledge online. That way, he was able to focus on his studies and get his degree without the harrassment. The computer also has websites on the internet that are used in schools. They help teach students in a way that they will have fun and enjoy what they're doing, giving them a better learning experience. Aside from the positive uses of the internet, the computer also contains progams that can benefit us just as well. Microsoft @CAPS2, for example is a program on the computer that is used to create @CAPS2 documents such as peoms, essays, song lyric, and even letters. You can print out these @CAPS2 documents to have a copy of your ownn to keep and show people wherever you go, but if your not finished, it can be saved on your computer. People use the computer for many things, books, movies and so one. Over the years that its been existance, its benefited us al lot. What do you think?"	4	5	9
727	"I believe that computers are a great help to society I believe this @CAPS3 when you don'@CAPS1 know something you could go on-line to look it up. Also if you are to sick or don'@CAPS1 have time to go out and buy things that you need from stores you can buy it on-line and have it @CAPS7 right to your door. My final reason is that computers can save paper buy having a lot of document on your computer. My first reason was that if you don'@CAPS1 know something you could look it up. A lot of times you could be watching @CAPS1.V. or talking with someone and you @CAPS4 wonder what something is or means. @CAPS6 instead of just letting whatever you didn'@CAPS1 know just pass on you could look it up on a computer and educate yourself and possibly others to. My next reason was that if you are to sick or don'@CAPS1 have the time to go out and buy things that you need from stores you can buy it on-line and have it @CAPS7 right to you door. This is a great help to the people who are to sick @CAPS3 sometimes they are @CAPS6 said they can'@CAPS1 leace there home @CAPS6 instead of starving to death they can have food or anything @CAPS7 to them if they just click a couple of buttons on the computer. Now, also this could help the people who are to busy to go to stores @CAPS3 right before they leave they could press some buttons and when they get home there stuff on sitting there for you. Back when my dad was a @CAPS2 and my mom was a vice-president of a drug producing company which sold oxy-cofin they had to have a grocery @CAPS5 ship foods to our house. They had to have this happen @CAPS3 they @CAPS4 worked long hours and they didn'@CAPS1 have the time to go to a grocery @CAPS5 @CAPS6 they had the food @CAPS7 to our house which was a huge help. My last and final reason is that computers can help save a lot of trees and paper. A big thing now is that we have to go green right, @CAPS6 instead of cutting down more trees we can just have all that on our computer which doesn'@CAPS1 we any paper. These are just some of the reasons why computers are a help to society. I could come up with many more ideas but can'@CAPS1 fit them just in this story, @CAPS6 finally rember people whole lives are on their computers."	4	5	9
728	"Dear local newspaper, I have some arguments to tell you how computers aren't all bad. One you can use them to get information for a project, talk to your friends, or learn about something you have never known before. My first argument is that most people use there computer to get information for a project they have to do for class. For example, they could need information for a country like @LOCATION2, @LOCATION3, @LOCATION1. There are many way you can get this information. So if you didn't have a computer where could you get all this information. If you get it from a it might not have what you are looking for your project. Had the computer here a bigger range of knowledge then a have. My second example, is you can talk to your friends you haven't seen or talked to in a long time. There are many ways you can do this On @CAPS1, @CAPS2, twitter, yahoo. You could always because it is always better to make new friends. Even better to a family member. I know it is alot better to talk to a family because they already know you. Finally, it is always better out something you never knew before or something you have been wondering about. But you could always go on google, ask or wikipedia. They can all help you you have been looking for. But that doesn't mean you can't find it in a book either. They are chalk full of answer and ideas that can help you. My conclusion, is that you can always find ways to get the answer you need. But that also doesn't mean that you should be sitting on the computer when you could be going outside, or playing with our friends. And nothing is better then spending your time outside. So use the time on the computer better. Then go out side and enjoy the outdoors."	4	4	8
729	"To whom it @MONTH1 concern, I believe that computers benefit society. Computers are a wonderful household object to have that make life easier in many ways. Computers allow the everyday family to see new places, through photos online, and people, through the internet. Computers also provide a social networking throught a community, state, or even a country! Lastly, a computer is another resort to go to when trying to accomplish something, because there is always something on the internet that will help you. There's a famous quote that goes, ""the largest room in the world, is the room for improvement."" In my opinion, the computers could make that room a little smaller. While experts say that computers are making people spend too much time indoors, and not too much time seeing the wonders of nature outside, the computer can prove them wrong. The internet is a wide ocean of pictures, wordes, and sounds. The computer is the item that organizes it, for your entertainment. There is a picture of just about anything imaginaeable on the internet; from the palm shaped islands of @LOCATION1, to the frozen @CAPS1 tundra in the @LOCATION3. You are able to see penguins in the southern ice cap and the ricefields of @LOCATION2 a bird's eye view all by simply moving your fingers. It's also possible not just to see places but to see people from how for the distance is! Today, people are sending pictures to and from each other via emails. People are actually sharing their memories with each other, all thanks for the computer. I hope what I have just explained now helps me make my. Computers are only here to make our lives. Imagine talking to your friends, not having an with his ever leaving your room. This would or even an impossibility fifty or seventy @DATE1, but this is People's social relationship have greatly progressed the half and it only goes has allowed people to their up on the their up on the their with their family and friends. I'll always a positive thing, using this right way. Having your house to tell, individually, your friend about your time to disney world is such a hastle. If you just put the pictures on a social networking system, like facebook, or twitter, memories will be stored through, litterally, the clicks of aborton. Memories are shared thanks to the social networking ability of the computer. Planing a vacation is a trough job to do, but what if that job could all take place in our sport? An entire vacation can be planned, confirmed and paid for thanks to the computer. Jobs that would normally take hours of researching and calling can be done in @DATE1 minuets for less using the computer. This allows people more time to go have fun with their lives and not have to worry about plannings. Computers allow people to compress hours of work into a matter of minutes. Experts say that computers are taking away people's lives"" I would disagree, because; people are new places or people, social networking is more advanced, and time that could have been spent planning is now living."	6	4	10
730	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I am here to talk about my view on computers, about how they help people, and how many people say that kids and adults are spending to much time on them. My first views on this subject is that computers are becoming more and more advanced as time goes on. These past few years, computer company's have been making enormous strides allowing people to do allmost everything. This is both good and bad. A computer is a tool that is a good feature for any home. It is great for people who own a small business, you can easily go online and update somthing yoou want changed in your store, such as designing colorful posters to put on the windows of your store to increase business and to catch peoples eye. You are also able to book flights weeks or even months before you even go to the airfort. This is good for those who are busy and travel a lot. You can go on a website called @ORGANIZATION2 where you can go anywhere vin the world and zoom in on a landmark such as the great @CAPS1 in @LOCATION2, or the @CAPS2 @CAPS3 in @LOCATION1. Computers can also improve your hand eye coordination when you type. Typing is a important skill to master, if you are a good typer you can do things much more efficient then you would on paper. Some can even memorize the key board and not have to even look down. Computers are also great for communication if you have relatives far away in another state or even country you can easily talk to them through @CAPS4. @CAPS4 is a online service that you use to talk to them in person. These are just some of the things you can do with computer. On the other hand many say that people are spending to much time on computers, and getting outside for execise and not spending enough time with family. I do agree this is the case in some ways. I know some friends who average about six hours a day on computers which to me is to much, also parents become to busy with work that they are on computers, when they should be spending time with their kids. Some kids became so addicted to computers that they might become unhealthy and become obease from sitting so much, this is something that should not happen. I hope you have learned a little bit about the good and the bad about computers, and how it is important not to be on the computer to much, but it can be an important feature if used correctly."	5	4	9
731	"Dear Newspaper, I strongly agree that computers have effected people in a very positive way. Since more and more people have been using computers, the technology gets higher and people can acess much more things. Computers are good because they are convinent, and provide entertainment. Have you ever wanted to know what the capital of @LOCATION3 is, or what the weather is in @LOCATION2? To find out these answers, all you have to do is look them up on the computer! The computer is so convient, that whenever you have a question about anything, you can use the computer! Take my cousing courthey, for example, everyday, her teacher asigns definitions for homework. So, she just looks up the definitions on the computer instead of taking the time to find them in the dictionary. However, @PERSON4 isn't the only person who thinks the computer is convinent. When surveyed, @PERCENT1 of people voted that when they have a question about something the computer is the most convinent item to use. Professor @PERSON2, from @ORGANIZATION2 says, ""@CAPS1, since more people are learning how to use the computer, it is becoming more convinent to everyone."" In conclusion, many people rely on the computer for information, and you wouldn't want to take that away from them, would you? It's a @DATE1 @TIME1, and your bored, what do you do? How about go on the computer! The computer is a great source of entertainment. Whether its listening to music, playing games, or talking with friends, you will always have fun on the computer. For example, my neighbor, @PERSON3, comes home after school by herself. She is usually extremely bored, so, she goes on the computer and plays games, and talk with friends. @PERSON3 can also talk to her cousins, @PERSON5 and @PERSON6, that live in @LOCATION1. But, @PERSON3 is not the only one who talks to relatives on the internet. When surveyed, @PERCENT2 of people agreed that they talk to relatives from other places on the computer. Dr. @PERSON1, from @ORGANIZATION1 says, ""The computer is the main source of entertainment for most teens and adults."" @CAPS2, you wouldn't want to take away our main source of enteratinment, would you? After school, many teens and adults go rushing to the computers for all different reasons. But, in conclusion, computers have positively affected all people with their amazing convinence, and great sources of entertainment."	6	5	11
732	"Dear newspaper editor, I think we should have internet, or computers at our houses. We should have it because we can chat with our friends and family, noone would get bored doing nothing and we learn new things from different websites. We should be able to communicate to our friends and family @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people in our school think having a computer is good. For example my friend moved to @LOCATION1, we couldn't talk on the phone. It was long distance I talk to her over facebook. There are a lot of websites you can talk on like facebook, twitter or even myspace you can even skype. skype is when you have a webcam and you talk threw it. My mom said that most of her friends chat online with her. It doesn't matter how old are you. Anyone can learn important things. There are a lot of websites that are educational @PERCENT1 things on the computer are worth having. If you are old and you can't go to school just go to google and type any math term, science, @CAPS1, or even learning a new language. Everytime I have to do my social studies homework I go online trust me it's really helpful. Some things on the computer are very fun. You won't get bored on the type of games they have. A lot of parents complain that their children are doing bad things in the streets. The do there kind of things, because are bored @NUM3 people think that statement is true. If they had a computer, and playing games, or talking to friends, they would be like they are. @STATE1 and @PERSON1 are two state that have more people that go on the computer than any others states. Remember it's not only fun. Everyone enjoys having a computer. I think we should have internet access because we can do a lot of things some people think it's bad, but not everything is. We should have a computer, because, we can chat with friends, we can learn important and interestings things and we won't get bored. I hope you made up your mind and decided that all internet access is not a waste of time. I'm not the only one that thinks that "" a computer is what keeps or alive""."	4	5	9
733	"I think that computers do have a positive effect on people because they teach hand-eye codination, also give people the ability to and lastly they allow people to talk online. First, they teach hand eye codination and I think thats good because when people get a job they can probably more focused and can probably work faster. So if people can do that when they get a job and their jobs involve working on a computer it can be easier for them and their job can be more enjoyable. Second they give people the ability to learn more because we have all these sites that involve information an everything so people can be more knowledge so if they're more knowledged they can probably get a really good job that pays alot. And they can look up whatever they like. So if they reasearch alot and go to school they can get the job they always wanted because they know so much knowledged people are better people. Lastly they can talk to online people when people can contact each other its better because if they have no phone to reach someone they need to reach they got a computer that they can either email or use a webcam were they can see the person. I think that having a computer is good for all these reasons having hand eye cordination give people the ability to learn more and allow people to talk online with other people."	4	4	8
734	"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, I think that people spend way too much time on the computer these days. They get less exercise. Don't get to enjoy the nature around them, and they don't get to interact with their family and friends! If people stop spending so much of their day on the computer, then they wouldn't be having too many issues. People need to spend less time on computers, and spending more time exercising! Computers all over the world do not involve much interaction with any part of your body other than your hands. You don't tend to want to get up or do anything else when you're on your computer, right? Well that needs to change. Often, peolple get cranky while they are using a computer or if they need to get off of one. Some people are so obsessed, they might even break down and have a fit! Nobody want's to see someone throw a fit because they have to get off the computer do they? If they don't get exercise anytime when you're not on a computer it can deffinately shows. Jimmy @CAPS2 syas, ""@CAPS3 @NUM1 kids are on their computers way to much! They never come out of their rooms, and if they ever do, then they are normally very cranky. They're getting fat! I can tell because all they eat is junk food. This needs to "" @CAPS4 can't even have a little of time with his children. They should go on a family trip and enjoy together! That brings us in next issue. We all need to enjoy nature more. Why would you spend your time on a computer looking of pictures of nature when you have it right there in your . It's because kids are too lazy to get off their lazy and go outisde. The best thing about nature is that if you are  about need to be alone or even just need to get , nature is always there for you anytime you need it. You can laways go otside with your friends and family too!. I'm sure that they would apreciate people getting off their computers to spend some quality time together. Yet again, our next and final issue. Computer obsessed teenagers and adults need to be with their family and friends. When talking to your friends why bother talking to them on the computer when you can just get together and go do something fun? ALso, when you spend time with your family, it brings them a lot closer toy ou. Nobody likes to not talk to the people you love and the people who reised you. When you're on a computer I just think of all the places you could , place you could be with. Nobody wants to be distant from their friends and family. Therefore, people should turn off their computers, go exercise, be around nature and have some quality time with their friends and family. Thank you"	5	5	10
735	"Dear local Newspaper, I hear you are whether or not computers have a positive effect on people. In my opinion, i think that, yes, they do have a positive effect on people. I think this because @NUM1. Computers allow you to learn about foreign places and cultures. @NUM2. Computers are often helpful to those with special needs, and @NUM3. The computer allows you to connect win people who @MONTH1 live faraway with out having to travel to them. I really enjoy learning about foreign places and culture. I know that from my own experience that the more knoledgable you are about foreign places and culture. The more smart you become overall. Without the computer, many people would not be able to explore these places and learn about them. The computer is basically a big encyclopedia that supplys important information to those who are unable to travel across the world and visit these places. Without computers, people would be less educated about the people, cultures, and the world we live in . Places such as pyrimids in in @LOCATION1, and . Don't you agree? In my school there are several students with special needs. I, personally, can't even begin to imagine how difficult it must be for them to learn. But one thing i do know is that the computer is a very helpful rescource to them. The computer supplies pictures, sounds, and interactive activities that really help kids out. Since some of the kids in my school who have special needs have a hard time reading. The computer helps by reading it aloud to mom. Where would those children be if they didn't have computers? I love keeping in touch with my distent family and friends. Don't you? It used to be that it would take days and days to send and recieve a letter from relative. @MONTH1 because of the computer, hard task can be done with a simple click of the mouse. But thats not all. Besides sending virtual e-mail to people, because of the computer, you see them face to face! Some computers have webcams that allow you to see someone through the screen of your computer, isnt that great?! So, why waste money flying to see someone to deliver a simple message when you can deliver it personally in almost less than @NUM4 seconds? Becaose of the computer, people talk more and are often brought closer together. So, as you can see there are many important positive effects that computers have on people. The reasons being @NUM1. computers allow you to learn about foreign places and cultures. @NUM2. computers are often helpful to those with special needs. And @NUM3. computers allow you to connect with people who @MONTH1 live faraway without having to travel to them. Thank you for listening."	5	4	9
736	"Computers are good for school uses, skills, and just for fun. Computers are a good source to have, now that is just my opinion. But, I think computers are mostly for pre-teens and teenagers. Adults mostly use them for business. The fun uses that the computer provides are @CAPS1, @CAPS2, @CAPS3, etc. @CAPS1 is one of the most popular chat groups on the internet, @CAPS2 is another popular chat group. They both have some of the same characteristics like chatting to your friends, updating your status every now and then uploading pictures, songs, etc. There are websites that could be used for free time like music websites where you are allowed to watch music videos or downlosd music onto your ipod. @CAPS3 is a website teenagers of kids go on to watch some of their favorite music videos. Itunes is the program where you can download any song, music video, tv show, or movie onto and ipod. Computers also provide microsoft @CAPS5, publicher, powerpoint, etc. All these can be used for school purposs. @CAPS5 allows you to type up anything you want for school. You can type up a @NUM1 page essay if you wish. You can cut and paste pictures for a project you might have due. You can change the colors, font size, and font style on @CAPS5. That use could be for a design on the front of a cover page for an essay or project. Publisher can be used for projects as well. In school of you need to make a newspaper, flyers, business cards, etc. publisher alloews you to make them. Powerpoint is a program where you can make different slides in anything. Computers can be put to good use for many different things. If people don't agree with that then they don't understand that computers help children and adults with everyday things. Some kids who have special needs @MONTH1 need the computer to comunicate with others. Computer, I think, are a big help in the world."	4	4	8
737	"Dear @CAPS1 @ORGANIZATION2, I have recently learned that the paper has decided to write about computers and how benefit society in @LOCATION1. I am writing this letter to say that I agree with how computers benefit society. @CAPS2 first reason is that computers help people educate others. They allow people to learn about hand-eye coordination. @CAPS2 final reason is computers allow you to talk online with your friends. There's a lot more in store so keep reading on. @CAPS2 first reason why computers are good for society is computers help people learn about things. To start things off computers are a great way to help out in school because it's a quicker way to get an education. For example a computer helps you study for a test with information websites like @ORGANIZATION1. @CAPS2 second reason why computers provide a good education is computers help you do your homework. For example when there's a major essay due the next day, you can go on a computer and type it. It's quicker and a lot more productive. I remember this one time when i had to write a final draft for an important essay and it was @CAPS2 last day to do it. Since it was @CAPS2 last day to do it the first thing I did was to the library and type it what would have took me an hour to write took me half an hour to type. That all hear I'm moving on. @CAPS2 next reason why computers help out in society is computers help learn about hand-eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination is something that must people have, but for those who don't the computers help out in many reasons. @CAPS2 first reason is computers help learn yoga. Yoga is something to help take away stress inside of you. Computers have online video's that help you use it if you don't have the time to actually go. @CAPS2 final reason is that computers help out with sports. Sports are something that everyone loves to participate in and something that everyone likes. Computers have videos that show you how to play sports and enjoy them as much as you do in real life. I'm going on now. @CAPS2 last reason why computers help out in society is you are able to talk with your friends online. @CAPS2 first reason why you can talk with your friends is a website called @CAPS2-@CAPS3. Myspace is a website that's all about talking with your friends. It has grown extremely popular in chatting. @CAPS2 final reason is online dating. If you want to start dating again you can always start online. It allows you to start a new life without leaving your room. I should probably start rapping things up. Now that you have heard all of @CAPS2 reasons for why computers are helpful in society I should rap things up. Having computers in life is one of the most usefull things you can have. You can talk to your friends, learn handeye coordination and get an education. As you can see computers rule. There's so many more reasons but this is just one mans opinion who knows what other people think about them."	4	4	8
738	"To whom this @MONTH1 concern: I heard that people are having a debate to tell whether computers benefit us or are bad for us. I think that computers are great. They allow us to talk with people all over the world. They give us the ability to learn about things. Lastly, they save us money. Aren't these all things benefit us? I think so. Please keep reading to hear more about why computers are good. First off, computers give us the ability to talk with people all over the world. A lot of my family lives in different @CAPS1, and thats how I talk to them is through the computer. If you move away from all your friends and family, wouldn't you want to still keep intouch with them? Well you could by chatting with them on the computer. To keep the ball rolling, computers give us the oppirtunity to learn about different things. If I go on ""@CAPS2.com"", I could type in anything I want, and get information about it. Or I get an answer to a question. Are you a parent that wants to know how their child is doing in school? You could go to their school website and check their grades in each class they have. To wrap it all up, computers save us money everyday. If you needed to look up information for a project without a computer, you would have to drive all the way to the library and buy a book. But with a computer, you could get information easy in the convienience of your own home. In conclusion, you could see that computers benefit us in many ways. Thay give us the ability to talk to friends and family all around the world. They give us the oppirtunity to look up information quick and easy. Lastly, they save us money everyday. Thank you for reading my letter, which I'm sure has persuaded you to think that computers are a good thing."	4	4	8
739	"Dear Local newspaper, Technology is a ever evolving thing and more and more people are using it. With more people making use of computers, will be the more technology benefits our society. Through the use of computer people will be taught hand-eye coordination, be presented with the ability to become educated on distant places, and also allow people to talk online with other people. Through the use of computers people will be taught hand-eye coordination. A effective skill to learn would be hand-eye coordination, the benefits of this would be outstanding. Having great coordination would mean that person would exceed past anybody who do not use computers. Advanced coordination would mean that person would able to accomplish more things like fast typing. Finally better hand-eye coordination means that person will be more likely to obtain a job in a field that needs good coordination."	3	3	6
740	"Dear local newspaper, @NUM1 out of @NUM2 students at @ORGANIZATION1 say that they spend most of their time on the computer. I think computers have a bad effect on people because they can cause safety issues, health issues, and ofcourse education issues. With all this new technology, teenagers aren't aware of their surroundings at all. On top of that, they're not aware of what's happening to them. Adults also do use the computer, but not as frequent as us teenagers. It's time now to realize what computers are doing to us and the world today. Computers can cause safety issues. Now more than ever people use where they talk to friends. But, what they don't know is that the person on the other side might not be what they think it is. Lately, on the news we hear of teenagers getting raped or kidnapped because of people who they were talking on the internet was not who they said they were. Bad people are always lurking on the internet, and we need to prevent them from getting in contact with the kids. But, even besides having bad people online, computers can with your privacy. It's possible for computers to give out your information to other people so, we really need to watch out. Computers though not only cause safety issues, but health issues also. Computers play a major part in destroying our health. About @PERCENT1 of @CAPS1 are overweight or obese. T.V's use to be the issue for people not excercising, but now computers are doing just the same. There are so many things to do on the computer that just doesn't make you bored. That there means that there is no way to from it. But, you need to get up and exercise and computers are preventing people from doing so. It's like it's hypnotizing us because we simply don't want to get up. Computers can also have an impact with your vision. I know that after a long time on the computer I have a massive headache because my eyes just hurt so bad. Also, computers can make people stop talking to each other verbally. Talking and interacting makes us have safe relationships with one another, but computers again are preventing this. Besides interfering with our computers do the same with education. Computers can really be bad with our education. Students now easily forget to do homework. There are so many distractions today that than of them whom people spend a long time on it, we forget to do other things that we're suppose to do simply becausewe're distracted. But, eventhough we forget our homework, we also @MONTH1 forget to study before a test. This would result in a in high grades. Computers shouldn't be distracting people, but instead helping them. I think it's not the people to not get distracted on the computer because it just has so many interesting features. For example, the internet, and websites like @CAPS2, @CAPS3 @CAPS4, etc. We have so many distractions in our that we don't need more! Computers really don't have a good effect on people. More and more people get computers everyday. They should know what its doing to them, and what's happening to the world around them go outside and enjoy nature? Maybe, go to the mall with friends and. There are a variety of things to do rather than staying glued to the computer the whole day. People need to stop being and open their eyes to see the effect computers have on people."	6	5	11
741	"Dear The @CAPS1, @CAPS2 has been an argument wheter computers do or do not have a positive effect on people. Some believe, that computers have negative effets on people for example spending too much time, not exercising, and not interacting with family and friends. However, I believe computers have a positive effect on people because it teaches hand-eye coordination, lets people know about faraway places, and allows people to talk online. To conclude, computers have a positive effect on people. Did you know hand-eye coordination can be helpful at times? Well, it true because if you are in distress and the phone is broken and you don't have a cellphone then send an emergency e-mail to one of your friends informing them to call all and since you have hand-eye coordination you can type without having to look down. Also if your in college and have an important essay due tomorrow then hand-eye coordination can really help you write down notes without having to look back at the writing paper. Finally, with hand-eye coordination it can help you can join the army because if you spot a threat you can aim and shoot quickly without having to take out the gun after threat attacks. To conclude, computers teaches hand-eye coordination. Have you ever wanted to go to a forgein places? Well with computers you can do that you can just search the place and see what the place has. Fethermore, if you want to learn to speak a forgein language you can all you have to do is type in the language with a question and search its so easy a baby can do it. Finally, if you want to learn how to cook like forgein places do then type in the type of food or its name and search. To summarize, computers lets people know about forgein places. Have you ever have the feeling that you want to talk to somebody? I know I have this is why computers can help you talk to people online just tree the person's e-mail adresses and type the message. Also you don't have to waste money on paper and envelopes. Finally, having an e-mail is free so you can talk all you want. To conclude, computers help people talk online. In summarization, computers have a positive effect on people. It helps them have hand-eye coordination, learn about new places, and lets them talk."	5	5	10
742	There are many reasons that computers are a good thing for the world. They let us learn about far away places without us even having to leave our homes. Another reason why computers are so important is we can talk to our family without having to even travel if they live in another country or another state or even if they are your neighbors. Lastly they teach us hand-eye cordination that is a much needed skill that can help you get through life. The fantastic thing about computers are that we can learn about far away places without having to leave the comfort of our home. People of all different countries @MONTH1 be inquestitive about where they came from. They @MONTH1 also wonder how other countries are doing goverement wise or even economic (stocks). All of this is possible and much quicker then watching the news or weather channel. Computers allow us to search the web and arm ourselves with knowledge. The marvelous things about computers is the speed of them. You could be waiting for a stock update on the news channel and wait maybe ten or even twenty minutes. However if you go on your computer and use the internet it makes you life much easier and the faster you can look up somes part of knowledge the faster you might be able to make dinner or even enjoy a nice walk outside and breathe in the nice icy crisp cold air. Also radios and television stations might be a little of with their accuaracy. Maybe a minute later there is a suicide bombing that you might like to know about or the stock might go up one-hundred points or go down one-hundred points. This is all valuable information that people would want to be one-hundred percent accurate. Secondly you can stay in touch with your family even if they live in a different country or in a different state. With webcams that are attachable to some computers or some that are embedded within the computers you can talk to them. My grandma was in the hospital once and I wasn't allowed to see her since I was to young. Since the technology of webcams were invented I was able to see her on the screen instead of seeing her in real life but at least i was able to see if she was doing okay. Webcams are a could way also in discussions. Such as you and your friend are joking and she says something you think is rude but you can't tell that she being sarcastic you might get into a fight. If you have a webcam you can talk to eachother on the computer and see if she is being sarcastic or not. Technology @MONTH1 be one of the greatest inventions that has come forth and @MONTH1 be the best one that will ever be made. That last important thing that you need to know about computers is that they teach you hand-eye cordination. Hand-eye cordination is an important skill that is acquired. This is an important skill because it allows you to suceed in life such as having to write. This skill is also important if you have a job that invloves computers because you need to know how to type and move you fingers fast if you want to suceed in this well payed job. This skill also helps provide a wide range of other suceesful jobs in the world. Computers in the long run are magnificent machines that makes life a lot easier and fun in acquiring knowledge. If you don't have a good hand-eye cordnation you should get a computer because it will help a lot. however if you get a computer you must update it reguarly so you computer will not become slow and start crashing on you. In conclusion computers are the best thing that has been introduced to man kind so far in this world. It allows you to do do many things such as news and how the world is doing globally and how the economy is doing globally. Also it allows you to stay in touch with your family no matter how far you live or what country that you life in. Lastly computers teach you the important skill of hand-eye cordnation. Everyone in the world should be able to have a computer so that they could obtain the knowledge that they would nedd to suceed in life.	5	5	10
743	"Dear local Newspaper, I was reading this article about computers. I agree with kids and adults not having time enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. But, also, kids and adults should be having some fun time outside and enjoying it. But when it comes to usage of computers is helpful for searching information. I think kids and adults need to get active and get healthy, because now kids don't want to play outside, so they can play outside, so they can play video games. When I was a little kid I would always play hide and seek but now my mother doesnt like to play anymore because of technology she rather be on the computer or on the phone. Kids all over the world now know how to use computers because they don't want to be outside. Computers are only helful when your doing a report or something, important. For example, people that have businesses they are going to need computers. Also when a teacher a sighs a project on someone your going to need a computer to search up information for that person. Finally alot of kids aren't taking responsibilty of school. They don't that school serious. Kids think that the computers will teach you everything well there wrong because things on the computer can be made up. But its also making there life very in healthy. So thats why computers are good usage and bad at time because kids don't play outside anymore and computer are helpfull for searching information so with. What I've sadi don't you agree with me?"	4	4	8
744	"Do computer hurt you fate a you exercise? I think that a compuer couldn't help you in many career? If you say good for you. It what you wants no need. So lets the to thier argument. Well owing a computer can you away from exercise and thier good for you so the more time you. The more you'lll put it. You'll get addicted so yer owing a computer can help and it can't but most importantly it can't. I mean if your a biusness guy you'll need one. But if could get audincing with all the things you can do before you know it your day has gone bye. And you have know left it's the right your could and have nothing to do that rude. What to do now let you on the computer again. And the day the thing it is stuff to get off it why go out when you could chat wid friends online. I'll tell you you dad anything you go to the and time a couple a snack them you have more and more food and you them you go swiming and your fat to all your friends. Whats were exersising get yet in work you amuzed. To we them because of that addicting computer. And so your friends notice wonder. Next they how it happen you say."" I want on my computer to much and got faty fitting lack of exercise and ate unhealty. Then they invite you to do activities and. Recently you back to your six pack sexy self. Fou feel so good about your self now. Your are hot and not amazed lifes good but the computer you don't have to it just go on it to what you have to do not what you want to do. If you want to chat with your friend go to a place out. Fun instead of being a no life at home. This is why you should only use technoligy if you have to so your body can stay healthy and in shape just like you want you body to be no just like you need your body to be!"	4	4	8
745	"Dear Local Newspaper @CAPS1, Are computers really as great as they seem? It seems to me that they are used way too much in people's lives, and that computers are distractions that don't allow people to di ceratin things in their life that they would if they weren't always on the computer. People's lives are starting to revolve around going on the computer, checking your facebook, and looking at new videos on @CAPS2.com. I know from experience facebook or myspace can be very addicting. I'll spend hours commenting on pictures or new wall posts, and then at @NUM1 pm I've realized I haven't begun any of my loads of homework. This happens quite often, and I end up staying awake until around @NUM2. The following moring I wake up at @NUM3 am, exhausted. I am not exaggerating either, this happens to many of my friends, and if you have kids, ask them because I am @PERCENT1 sure they are on facebook or @CAPS3 all night. This doesn't just happen with kids either, my mom just got a facebook and she is hooked to it, even more than I am. Sometimes it can be come a competition to see who has the most pictures, or the most friends. Kids start adding people as friends that they don't even know computers aren't just distractions, they are also very dangerous. At my school we had assembly where they showed us how easy it was to find out someone's personal information, Even if you don't have your address or your phone number listed, there are many other ways to track you down. If you take a picture right after you won the championship soccer game, in your jersey. Just that one picture shows your team name, your last name, and your number. Anyone could easily search all that stuff on the internet and know exactly where your next game be. As the local newspaper @CAPS1, I am sure you must be concerned about the safety of the town, or even your own kids. Some people @MONTH1 say ""that would never happen to me"" but it easily could, especially if you're constantly on your computer. I have noticed that a lot of teens around my age are starting to become obsessed with being on the computer. A lot of times in families, instead of spending time together. syblings are fighting over who gets to go on the computer. One sybling @MONTH1 need it for homework, while the other just wants to talk to her friends on @CAPS3 and each believes they deserves the computer. Computers are starting to interest a lot with people's lives, in a negative way. Once again they are distracting, dangerous and hurt families. Computers hurt society more than it helps. And maybe you should look into how much time your kids are spending on the computer. "	4	5	9
746	"Dear Local Newspaper, I beleive, myself if, that computers are extreemly important to our society in this day and age. Computers help people talk with people. Online, and keep in touch with family and friends. Secondly, I think that computers are important is because they help with learning, even online schooling. Lastly, computers just help for the need of entertainment for people. Computers are one of the most used tools on the planet. Almost every family has one, some people even have more than @NUM1. Let's face it, there are many people traveling around the world, just trying to make a decent living for their families. Computers help them keep in touch, wheather it's by e-mailing them, or even video chat. This makes people happy, and still keeps them informed about what their family members, or friends are up to. For some people, it can re-unite family, by someone searching, I don't know, maybey their long-lost brother, or something. Computers keep families togetherm and you might just got a little surprise every now and again! My we should keep computers because we. Lastly, computers can just be plain fun! Maybe you're looking for some funny videos, just go on and search,""funny videos"", and it will keep you busy for a while. I know that I enjoy downloading music, too, so why should it be any different for other people? If there is a song going through your head, just look it up and I'm sure you'll find what you are looking for. You @MONTH1 be cooking and need a recipie for something, I am sure you're computer is more than willing to tell you whatever you please. All right, so, computers are one of the most important tools, of this world that we live in today. We depend on computers for many things, like keeping in touch with family, helping people learn things, and provide entertainment, just to name a few. Computers can help with countless things."	5	4	9
747	"Click click, another information page opens up on your handy @LOCATION4 these trusty, smart, and easy to use divices are always a object to have. Although, people are now starting that these handy desktops are bad for your well-being oposing that people strongly think that we dont get enough exercise or outdoor activitys in. Well computers are such a great entertainment system also, have a vast information supplie, and even allow socialization with friends/ family. I don't understand why they say this. So let me express my love for computers to you. Televisions, radios, and @NUM1 payers are no match for the internet and it's great wide spread entertainment system. The computer has all of the faimly fun movies, itunes tracks, and even websites where you could make your own movies. Posting pictures on the @CAPS1 and sending them via email only by a click of your mouse. The internet is the obvious best reason for a faimly movie night. One of the greatest pro about the internet is the vividsorce of information. Google, wikipedia, or even dictionary.com are the greatest information sites of the @DATE1. As much as nature watching and exercise is healthy and fun I would rather learn about a sunny beach of @CAPS2 or the great landscape of @LOCATION1. If your looking up how to tie a tie or even info about your history report the @CAPS3 is a sure easy thing. How could you talk to your friend who is across the world in @LOCATION2 or germany. The answer is simple, skype, fiacebook, myspace and more are all available on your handy @CAPS3. Many sites have a no fee polocy so they cant charge them money for social living with friends. As a personal experience I could now talk to my cousins wqho live in @LOCATION3 and @LOCATION1 due to the great interaction site of facebook. And why would you take the time to run across town to be unsure that thier even there. Obviously internet is a great socializing activity. Now that I have stated my opinion about the wonderful effect of the internet such as the entertainment system, information about the history of the world, and even the socializing with friends. I'm people will open thier eyes see the great uses of the computer."	5	5	10
748	"Dear local newspaper, I feel very strong about my opinion of what effects computers have on people as in it helps others communicate with one another, give people info about different types of things, and make people smarter. To me that sounds like something with a positive effect, would you say? First of all, as some people say it doesnt let you interact with family members. Yes it truely does you can interact with both friends, and family members by going to chat rooms such as aim, meebo.web cam meeting such as skype.com. So that throw that concern out or the window you work have to worry about that. Secondly, you get to learn info about differnt types of things such as learning about wild animals any animal like a giraffe, cat, rat or learn about different places like @LOCATION2, @LOCATION3, and @LOCATION1 etc... Also you could find all of this info at home in one day. Most important I would make people smarter the computer teaches you hand eye corrdinations for free. The computer can teach you about any career, or regular job that you would need to learn about in just minutes, if needed? To conclude computers have positive effect on people, it lets people communicate with friends and family, you get to learn about different types of things, and it makes people smarter. Even I was done reading this it I thanked the lord for computer, it helps us so much."	3	3	6
749	"As time goes on, our society becomes more advanced with more and more unnecessary technology, such as the television. What I really want to write about is the computer. Society today has developed a very unhealthy habit, and it is always using the computer. Everyone in the twenty first century uses a computer. The world got so used to having the computer around, that if all the computers in the world were to ""break,"" then most people probably would not know how to @CAPS2. Like the basic theory of. Which was that the world was ""@CAPS1"" to end back in the year two-thousand because everyone thought that the world was going to end. Only because the computer were going to crash and lose all the data that we have ever recorded. Humanity relies way to much on the computer. Since many people rely on the computer to @CAPS2, a lot of people ""forget"" to excersise! Our body needs excersise to live. Excersise one of the most important activities in our daily lives. When you don't excersise, and all you do is eat junk food and drink today, you better bet on your mothers grave that your going to either get diabetes, the fly, heartburn, or any other sickness or disability. You are what you eat is what I say. Life already has enough distractions in it, why add another distraction? All the computer is, is a distraction from keeping you and everyone else healthy. The computer started off as an ""innocent"" invention. Now a days, people literally worship the computer like it is a @CAPS3. People who use the computer all day every day, end becoming very lazy, because all they want to do is sit down and use the computer. In my opinion, everybody should be a part of some physical activity. Whether it is basketball, football, baseball, track, tennis or my favorite thing to do, skateboarding. Everyone should get physically active atleast three times a week for many reason, fact is, that if you excersise three times a week at the least, that your body will function better, you will look better, and you will feel better. excersise can be fun, as long as you make it fun. I hope this essay has really made you think about how you want to live. excersise should be a huge part of your daily routine, now sitting on your buttox all day searching pointless videos on ""youtube."" The way you want to live your life is up to you. And I hope to @CAPS3 that you start living it healthier."	4	5	9
750	"My opinion is that people spend to much time on computers and don’t concentrate on their family. Another reason is that people will not do school work if their to concentrated on the computer. My third reason is people wont enjoy hanging out with there friends. Those are my reasons now let me explain them. First, people will be concentrated on the computer and not their family. They will be focused on the computer way to much and not have fun with there family and friends. People ignore their parents when on computer. I know this because my sister goes on the computer and completely ignores my mom and dad when there talking to her. Please heed my advice or your kids will be ignoring you when you are talking to them. @PERCENT1 of children go on the computer and ignore everything. Now I can advance to the next reason. Second of all, peop concentrate to much on the computer that they dont do homework or any school work. If they dont do homework they could get bad grades on their report cards. If they get bad grades they could fail the marking period and stay back. Please listen or your child could stay back. Now for my third reason. Third, People wont enjoy hanging out with there friends. On the weekends you wouldn't want to be on the computer go out with your friends, enjoy yourself."	4	3	7
751	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 you know that @NUM1 in every @NUM2 @CAPS2 families own a computer? Computers can be helpful if you need to write an essay for school, but when it comes to family vs. computer the average kid will usually pick the computer. Computers are taking away family time, exercise privledges, and time spent on school on school work. ""@PERSON3, get off the computer and come play '@CAPS3' with us!"" @CAPS4 mom's will say this to childeren at least once as week, the answer that is @CAPS4 common is ""@CAPS5!"" @CAPS6 childeren from the ages of @NUM3 to @NUM4 would rather spend time on the computer weather it's playing games or talking with friends. This is on issue that needs attention. Families should start to spend more time together instead of hanging out in front of a screen. My friend @PERSON1 has a little brother that is always playing games on the computer. Whenever @PERSON1 wants to play hide and go seek with him he always finds a way out of playing with @PERSON1 play computer. Aport from spending time with family computers take away @CAPS6 kids exercise privlidges. One example is that last week it snowed and I wanted my neigbor @PERSON2 to come outside and have a snowball fight with me but, she said had to finish a level on a computer game and it was realy important. This proves that it takes away time outside alone with exercise. A walk in the park with friends sounds relaxing to @CAPS4 people except for @CAPS4 teenagers would rather talk to their friends using a computer instead of actualy spending time with them. Lastly if time is being spent staring at a screen. When does homework got done? I took a survey recently among the eighth grade and the results showed that @PERCENT1 of the people that don't do their homework are due to spending too much time on the computer. In my science class a boy named @CAPS7 never does his homework. I asked him why one day and he says it was because he was talking to his girlfriend who also never does her homework because she always has something to do on the computer. @CAPS5 time spent with family, @CAPS5 exercise getting done, @CAPS5 time to play outside, and missing homework assignment are alot to sacrifice for ""@CAPS8 one more level."" I you want to help me get childeren not spend so much time on computer, write on artical on this important issue in one of your newspaper and please consider my ideas."	4	5	9
752	"@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 computers benefit our society has been a hotly debated topic among citizens in our town. Many argue that computers provide quick easy communication, help children and adults learn, and even teach balancing habits to our generation. I firmly believe that computers are necessary in our society. "@CAPS2, @CAPS3! I miss you!" are the words @ORGANIZATION1 @NUM1-year-old @PERSON1. @PERSON1 has been working overseas for two years in @LOCATION2, @LOCATION3. One @ORGANIZATION1 the only ways she can contact her father is through @ORGANIZATION3. Communication is extremely important in our society; it brings families and friends closer together. Computers provide a variety @ORGANIZATION1 forms @ORGANIZATION1 communication, such as @ORGANIZATION3, @CAPS5, and instant messaging. "@ORGANIZATION3" allows people to have what can be called a "visual phone conversation." A teary-eyed @PERSON2 says, "@CAPS4 since @CAPS7 wife died, @CAPS7 daughter has been @CAPS7 only companion. With @ORGANIZATION3, I can not only hear her voice every day but see her face, too. It never fails to make me smile." @CAPS5 and instant messaging also give out society fast, easy communication with others. Invitations, announcements, and just a quick "hello" can all be done by @CAPS5. Therefore, computers are very important for communication in our society. Have you @CAPS4 seen the look on a child's face @CAPS10 he/she learns something new? Computers provide an excellent variety @ORGANIZATION1 education in our society. For example, toddlers and children can use programs such as @ORGANIZATION2 (@CAPS6). @CAPS6 programs teach reading, writing, and speaking to children. "@CAPS7 child used @CAPS6 @CAPS10 he was a toddler," says @PERSON3, a @LOCATION1 resident, "and now his teachers are so impressed by his reading and writing skills. I couldn't be more proud." Computers don't only teach children; they teach adults, too! Did you know that adults learn @PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION1 their knowledge about the environment, politics, and other basic information from the computer? Computers are needed to help people learn in our society. Finally, computers teach balance. A @LOCATION1 mom says, "@CAPS7 teenager @PERSON4 has learned how to balance computer and life, and I can definitely see how it connects to other areas @ORGANIZATION1 balance as well." @CAPS10 teenagers learn to balance their computer time, they also learn how to balance, extra-curricular activities in school. This shows, as a result, that students actually learn responsibility from computers. I hope that our society will consider the fact that computers are necessary. @CAPS10 they provide commonication, teach education, and help kids learn how to balance, what do we have to lose? Computers can most certainly improve our society."	6	6	12
753	I think that you can never spend enuf time on the computer it feel there is no bad effet computors can have on you they only improve your life is why. For one thing if you need to find out a important fact date or time. You can just look it up on the computor. The internt is a never ending sorce of knolage and you can learn just about any thing that you need to know just by searching it on the computor.Another usefull thing the computor dose is the ability to talk to people useing eother @CAPS1-mail @CAPS2 or that rooms you can meet new people or talk to a distant friend or relitive on the computor and you can even hook up a web camera and actuly see theam as they talk to you something a phone cannot do. Also the computor is a good souce of entertainment. You can play a number of games off the internet. You can even down load consal games onto your computor. Another thing you can do is watch full episodes of @CAPS3 shows and movies like if you wer fallewing a telivison selles and you missed an episode you can just go look it up. And a favorit of mine is youtube wether you watch random videos watch famous youtube stars on post videos of your own ther is always fun to be had. And finaly all the programs on the computer ther is an endless amont of programs you can have downloaded they can be for fun such as paint and flash or they can be important like worn or knot book every program tha computer offers is usefull and fun to use and you can use most of these programs to help you in the real. Now I have mentioned some of the many thing why you can never spend enuf time on the computer shure exersise and nator can be helth but you can do only of that stuff I just mentond by takeing a nator walk so wont you agree computors improve our life more then they are unhealthy.	4	4	8
754	"Have you ever had the time completely fly by while you're on the computer? You go on at @TIME1pm and all of a sudden it's seven at night. People should spend less time on the computer because they should be outside, it takes away time with your family, and there are other ways to look up information. You should be outside, enjoying the fresh air and playing sports, not stuck inside all day with your eyes glued to a screen. When you're on the computer all day, you're just sitting there. You're not moving around at all. Seventy-two percent of kids who spend all their time on the computer are over weight. Being on the computer on a beautiful is like blocking out the birds' songs on the first day of @DATE1. Nature is amazing, and you should be outside enjoying it, not cooped up in a stuffy room leaning over a man-made machine. People should spend a lot less time on their computer. When you're on the computer, time really flies by. You lose your whole day to it, and wouldn't you rather be doing something more fun? You can be alone on the computer in a dark room. You should be with your family and and friends. Computers are going to be around for a long time, and when they die down it will only be because something better came along. Your baby brother won't be a baby forever and your grandparents might not even be there tomorrow. Don't you want to spend as much time as you can with them? You're changing too, so you @MONTH1 be off to college or have to move far away for buissness. ""They grow up so fast. They're adults in a blink of an eye."" my grandma said to my mom. Almost @PERCENT1 of parents feel that same way. So, don't spend all your time alone with a machine, be with your loving family and chairish each moment. People should spend less time on the computer because there are other ways to look up information and learn about new places. There are so many books in the world, about any topic you can imagine. Using books to look up information is better than typing in the word into google because it's important to learn how to use an index and find the book on the shelf. A trip to the library @MONTH1 not be your cup of sunshine, so if you want to learn about a place, why don't you go to that place? If you're doing a report on @LOCATION2 for school it would be a lot of fun to go to @LOCATION2 for a few days to learn about it. And you can take pictures with your own camera, not just a picture you found online. It would be a really fun family trip. Even if you're doing your report on a place as boring as @LOCATION1, you could still probably have a lot of fun, hanging out with your family together. In conclusion, people should spend less time on the computer and more time being outside, with family, and at really fun places. Why would you want to stare at a screen all day when you could be having this much fun?"	6	5	11
755	"Dear newspaper I hear the more and more people use computers and I think thats so awesome because people talk online with other people. @CAPS5 they teach you how to use a computer. It gives people the ability to learn about faraway places and people. Computers it the more advanced technology so its @CAPS1 the people is using it. I love to be in the computer all day because I always enter to @CAPS2 and talk online. @CAPS4 example some people like to talk with a family member the is not in the @LOCATION1 so they communicate from the computer. Sometimes I talk online with my cousin in @LOCATION2 because I have @NUM1 years I dont see her. So I think talk online or using the computer is important. @CAPS4 example even grandma have @CAPS3 and she talks online with her family members. I think the using the computer is not a bad benefit because it helps you be in communication with your family or friends. That is why I think the people is wrong saying the or is not. Secondly, it teach you hand-eye coordination my grandma is old but computer and @CAPS4 example my grandma a nice hand eye coordination because when she goes to the letters she just ress and all she is correct. think computers have a effect on people. It @CAPS5 helps people write better and better. @CAPS4 example I love and when it write I dont need to go to other I write king of @CAPS5 the helps me with my eye and hand @CAPS6 is the it helps you find faraway places and people. @CAPS4 example on @ORGANIZATION1 you find what ever street you want. It @CAPS5 help you find in the computer about people. @CAPS4 example if I have a project I find the information on @ORGANIZATION1 about people or places. The computer is really helpful because you could find pictures of places and information of people. I think is a positive effect on people. Finally, I think the computers are great benefits society. One reason is the you could talk online with people. @CAPS5 it teach you hand-eye and the helps your brain and sight. It @CAPS5 helps you at your hand movements. @CAPS6 reason is the give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people. @CAPS4 example I have a project in @CAPS7 and I have to learn and search about forensic doctor and I search everything on the computer. I think the computers help your brain think more and computers are advanced technology. So I think their benefits our society."	4	4	8
756	"Dear local newspaper I don’t agree with the people who say people spend to much time on their computers. Because people can lean mostly anything they want all of a computer also there are lots of resomes why people should use advances technology they can teach kids how to find out answers to there homework the fastway instead of reading a book or taken a class and still get the full understeading. The people that say others spend's to much time on there computers are also right about that but they still can interact with friends and family they can play games, speak to each other, even learn new things together, all through a computer. One thing they were right about was to go out and enjoy the nature you cant do that on a computer but you can help the nature on a computer like try to put up a blog. Something that people make so others can see and spred the word and on that blog it can stay stop cuting down trees for stores or stop killing animales for there far or anythin you wont to write. So the people that do read this you should agree with me because you can do lots of things on a computer and learn lot more then you ever thought you could. So go out and find you a computer and find somethine you need to do or learn or just to have some fun."	4	4	8
757	"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2 look at advances in technology over the years and can tell what an influence it has had on current day and people. The question is, are these advances for the better? Or will they take a turn for the worst? Today i will be talking to you about technology, and why i think its benefitting society poorly. With people spending less time excercising and enjoying nature, leaving ther social life behind by constanly being on the computer, they dont realize how much they're hurting themselves. The number of obese people especially in children, increases each day. This is caused by lack of excersize because some people are too busy responding to texts, talking on the phone and playing unneeded video games. Not only are they physically harming themselves, but they are definitley missing out on the wonderful aspects of mother nature! Why not get out for a little, escape the technology prison cell you've all been reeled into. The @ORGANIZATION1 is one of the most beautifuly countries in the world, take advantage that! Now, without proper excersize, your putting you heart at serious risks. Even doing smaller things, like jumping jacks or cuntups, can help make you and you heart healthy! Your parents, and even your parents parents, are who brought you into this world, faught for you in times of need, and would do anything to protect you. What would you say if i told you technology was pushing them away? Texting at the dinner table while they are trying to make conversation, never leaving you room because you playing ""fun"" games, hiding behind he face of technology all the things a vast number of people do instead of socializaing with the people who matter most: family and friends. Although your friends @MONTH1 be more easy going they still came that your too busy hanging out with you computer to come meet up with them @CAPS3 single person can live without a friend and that friend needs you! Make some time for the people who have a special place in you heart before they disapper. To sum it up, techology is corrupting the minds of human beings... and it need to stop! like i said be healthy and happy and spend enough time with the people you are about who knows, maybe they an make you happier than your electric companion. So, fellow citizens, leap off that desk chair, shut off your electronic devices, and jump back into the real world."	5	5	10
758	"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 society should have computers because it teaches you things that a school or job will never teach you, and it allows you to be in contact with your friends and family that you don't see a lot. I would like for you to appreciate my concern on how @CAPS1 society should have computers. First, we should have computers because it teaches us things that we might not have been taught before. I say this because if you wanna know about the @LOCATION1 more and the school or job doesn't teach you as much as you wanna know, then all you have to do is look up on the internet and theres a chance you gonna find it. @NUM1 people would rather have computers to look up things instead of not knowing that much about something at all. Next, we should have computers for @CAPS1 society because we could contact people online that we heven't spoke to. My opinion is that if you haven't to a friend or family member in a while you can talk to them online. Also, if they don't have a phone or if they do but it's long distance and you can't talk to long distance on your phone, you can tlak to them on or email each other, etc. Sample say if your phone isn't working and the only thing that's working is your computer you to it in contact with somebody. All you gotta do is talk to them online. Would you rather talk on the phone or computer. In conclusion, @CAPS1 society should have computers because we could learn about things more and we could chat with people. I would like for you to aprreciate my concern on having computers in @CAPS1 society."	3	4	7
759	"Dear Local Newspaper, I believe that computers are an extremely useful tool in society. It helps people learn new things about different cultures. Also, it lets you communicate with friends and family through the internet, for example, using facebook or @CAPS1. Finally, it provides an accurate research tool for school projects, or interviews. First, learning about different cultures helps the world stay together. For example, here, we learn @CAPS2 and @CAPS3. Each class teaches us to respect more and more of this culture. However, some people don't have the chance to get this land of education, so they turn to the internet. If the computer didn't exist, we might not know about the lifestyle @NUM1 mi away from us. We wouldn't know if their lifestyles are extremely difficult or luxurious. Also, we wouldn't know if we could help them or not. For example, the earthquake in @LOCATION1 which. It's one step closer to world peace no more war or conflicts. Secondly, the computer helps you communicate to friends and family for in the world. I remember one time I was mailing my family friends who was in @LOCATION2, risking his life. I knew he couldn't come back to town, so I started to email him, and video chat with him. Whenever I saw his face, I knew that everything was okay. I don't know how I would have without the internet. Other ways lived you could as. Also, just communicating with friends! internet sites, like extremely useful. Finally, you use the computer for educational use. For example, research projects, study tools and essays. Whenever that a research is the internet. This extremely reliable and accurate. However that some of the websites are fake, which is easy to great research to use for school projects. Also, I know many teachers in my school have a blog or page where they put their @CAPS4 on, study links, and handouts, just in case we lose them. Whenever there is a test coming up, my @CAPS2 teacher, @CAPS5 would have links on her go to help use study. Also, is another website that helps us study for vocab. It also has many games that and learn our vocab words. As you can see, the computer helps us in our daily use and makes a positive impact on our society. From educational purposes, to learning cultures and socializing with friends it helps us get through life. As very successful newspaper and people, I assume you will understand how much the computer has made a positive effect in society."	6	6	12
760	"Have you ever gone on the computer? Have you ever sat there on the computer for a long time? I am writing you because I am concerned with the health of the town. @CAPS5 people have computers and go on them daily. It @MONTH1 be fun, but it could also but your health. Computers can be addicting and cause us to play for hours. @CAPS5 people @CAPS4 not exercise at all anymore. Most are too busy on thier computer. You should have at least @NUM1 minutes of exercise each @CAPS4. ""@CAPS1 kids sholud have anywhere from @NUM2 min of exercise on average per day. A lot of kids are now playing video games on the computers for that time instead of exercising,"" says @CAPS2. sereno. @CAPS5 kids don't go outside enough either. Did you know you should have a minimum of @NUM3 min in sunlight each day? You get most of your vitamins. the sun. When was the last time you took a bike, went camping, or went to the beach? All are very fun things to @CAPS4 that you could be missing out on learning of the computer. I know I absolutly love going to the beach. Hearing the waves, & laughing @CAPS3 ocean waters, and feeling it cool as the is just heaven. If I was on the computers all the I would be able to enjoy. My most thing @CAPS4 you like having fun or going out to your family? I @CAPS5 computer dont to are the same as being with the person. Can you imagine never actually seeing or hearing the person you're talking to? Thats now it is with @CAPS6. @PERCENT1 of communication on the billions of people who have @CAPS7't you rather talk to the person on the phone or talk face to face? I feel people should spend time exercising, going outdoors, and spending time with friends and family. Remember @NUM1 minutes of exercise, @NUM3 minutes in the sun each day to stay really healthy. Please consider this and write an article to improve the town's social & overall health. Its up to you!"	5	6	11
761	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1, Have you seen someone with a @CAPS1 emailing their co-worker or a person with their laptop at a coffee shop? Well, I can @CAPS4 I have and know they need and it benefits them. People everday use a computer for their work. Also, you can keep in touch with friends and family. Plus, it's the start to new improved future! whether you use a computer to get the latest gossip or for a job, the computer is now an important part of people's lives. My mother works on the computer everyday at her job, though it @MONTH1 not seem important to you, it is to my family, who needs the money for food and bills. Half of @LOCATION1 uses computer for jobs for money just like my family. Recently, @ORGANIZATION3, the computer company took a survey to see how many people use the company for work. A whopping amount of @PERCENT1 use the computer for work. That @PERCENT1 of people benefit from using the computer. They depend on their email to get to their boss or their layout of their statewide meeting to save so they can get the raise they deserve. You the, @ORGANIZATION1 even uses computers to write your articles for the paper. More than half of @CAPS2 or @ORGANIZATION2 benefit just from working on the computers. Everyone says family is the most important thing right? What can yo do if they live far away? Well you email, @CAPS5, @LOCATION2M, or @CAPS3 of course. Some experts @CAPS4,""People are spendiong too much time on their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family."" @CAPS5 is and was originally invented to keep in touch with family. So the experts have no reason to @CAPS4 that because people use the computer to keep in touch with families. Even people in the army use the comptuer to communicate. Using the computer isn't as bad as people think. Look out! The future is coming! New technology greater than my knowledge is coming. Computers were the start and people haven't stoped since. Sure, of course the computer has a couple downsides. But what thing or invention doesn't. No one can stop what is coming, you just have to learn to live with it and move on. Computers are the beginning to something good so don't stop something that could be even better! Next time you go outside look for that guy in the business suit emailing on the @CAPS1 or the girl in the coffee shop and smile, know they are benefitting from it. Whether it's for work or the one keeping in touch with a relative. Maybe someone with the next big idea for the future. Take a chance on the computer, stop the negativity and a pleasant surprise will come your way."	4	4	8
762	"Lies! The computers we use in society do not harm us in any way! They are a huge step forward for mankind and only benefit our lives. They benefit us greatly for the following reasons: computers are a source of knowledge, computers can aid the advertizment and buissness of many workplaces, and they are a very helpful and easy way to communicate with someone across the street or across the ocean. Without a dabt computers do nothing but benefit the people of our society. First of all, computers are a big source of knowledge. Many people @MONTH1 want answers to a question they have encounterned recently but cannot find the answers in a book or newspaper so they turn to a computer and immediatley their problem is solved. Computers today hold every bit of information on every topic imaginable from history to politics. All one has to do is find a site such as @ORGANIZATION1, type there question, and millions of answers pop up assuring a solution to the problem. Computers can also provide a place to research for a project or statistics of the economy if needed by school, buisness, or just for recreation. Times are changing fast and the sources of the worlds history and school subjects can easily be found in the corner of the internet. What you @MONTH1 have looked for in books and papers can be easily found on internet at the click of a button. Clearly, computers are a huge source of knowledge for our society. Second of all, computers and the internet support many buisnesses in advertising and making profit. Every single time a visit to the internet occurs many different buisnesses are able to advertise their products and overall buisnesses with pop-ups, side bars and websites. It clearly helps the workplace get attention. Along with advertising products buisnesses can even sell their products online without doing a thing. This can also aid the consumer because they would not have to drive all the way down to the store and pick up what they need. All they need to do is select the items they wish to purchase and await for its arrival a few days later. Clearly, the computer and internet can help support the welfare of buisnesses. Finally, the computers we use today are a huge and easy way of communication. Contact with people from another street, town, state, country, can be established by the use of social networking sites such as, @CAPS1, @CAPS2, @CAPS3. You could send a letter with the touch of a button with out having to make a trip down to the post office and await a reply. An instant message, which can be used on any of the sites mentioned can also be achieved. This is where you could write something down in the computer, send it to anyone and receive a reply within seconds. Obviously, computers play a big role in the communication of one to another without a problem. In conclusion, it is clear computers benefit the society greatly without a side effect at all. Computers are a good source of knowledge, an aid to buisness, anda great way of communication. Everyone as agreed to this without hesitation so you should too. Computers are the best things that have ever happened to our society today."	5	5	10
763	"Dear Newspaper, Computers! Computers! Computers! Computers seem to be the talk of the year. Many people believe that computers are needed for everyday life, but I would have to disagree. In my opinion we do not need computers. The effects computers have on kids and adults are astonishing. Humans today are not spending as much time in nature and excirsising for a healthy body and a healthy planet. Also, as us kids are growing up, we have too many advantages because of computers. Thirdly, so much money is being used towards computers and not whats truely important! As you can see these three reasons alone should persuade anyone to believe that computers are harmful to all areas of life. First off, as we continue to use computers our natural environment is going to waste. The effects on nature and people are horrible. Polution is being spread all over the planet! People are becoming addicted to computers. I know it will surprise you when I tell you that the average person spends about ten hours on a computer a day! This is about half the day! This is a terrifying effect on people, because now these computers are brain washing us! Instead of going on the computer all day, we should be going outside to enjoy fresh air and the sun. Their the more, computers have us sitting inside all day and not getting any excirsive, which is a health issue we need to learn about the little things and be thankful for what we already have! Consiquently, banning computers would have a positive effect. Today, many are loosing their ability to write card forgetting about the simple things life has to offer would writing an essay with a pencil and paper be so bad? This @MONTH1 be old fashioned, but there are an enormous amount of great effects for using pen and paper. Maybe, the @ORGANIZATION2 states would become smarter and contain more knowledge. By writing everything out is proven to help remember important facts easier and for a longer amount of time, writing on paper is like writing it in you brain. Therefore, students, children and adults would benefit by having better handwriting. Since most information is typed on the computer people are forgetting how to write neatly, clearly, and resonsibly. @PERSON1 is an english teacher that has been with the @ORGANIZATION1 school since before computers, she has seen the horrible effects taking place on her students right befor her eyes. @PERSON1 told me, ""@CAPS1, students are completely absorbed in computers and have no life, energy, or reativeness in them anymore! Kids have too many advantages with computers and not taking the time. Last, but most definetley not least is my third reason as to computers are effecting humans negetively. Humans are sending huge amounts of money on getting the latest computer technology. Most of people pay chedes are being used for their computers. These fancey computers are very expensive, but also very useless. In my opinion many people are just following a trend. Instead, the money can be spent on schools, and especially the wars! Do you hear the humming of the computer the clicking of the buttons? Realize that these sounds are not what you should be spending! To wrap it up, computers effect people. There are many reasons to support this, but here are three. One is that people are not spending any time in nature! Another is that people of all ages are becoming brainwashed by this electronic and not spending the time to learn things in quality. Thirdly, people are using all there money on those computers! I know some people think computers are very usefull,but I know now, after you have read this article, you know how unuseful computers really are."	5	6	11
764	"Dear Newspaper, Advances in technology, while amazing, don't always have a positive effect on society. That is why, I honestly believe computers do not benefit my community. For instance, computers can be very dangerous and people these days just seem to spend too much time using them! Not to mention, computers cost way too much money. To begin, my mom and dad always say, ""don't talk to strangers,"" when I go out. I think they should say the same when I go to use my computer. Computers can truly be dangerous for someone who isn't careful. For example, online predators often depict themselves as someone they aren't. Therefore, you can't ever really trust someone you simply met in a chat room. Also, cyber bullying is another problem computers put people at risk for. Another danger computers have, is anything posted on the internet can be accessed by almost anyone. This includes pictures, blogs, comments and. I believe society would be better off without the constant worry of a computer! Secondly, people, especially the younger generation, spend excessive amounts of time on computers. Some people spend hours each day using a computer when they could be doing an activity that actually benefited them. If people spent just as much time helping their community as much time helping their community as they did on the computer, the world would be a much better place to live. Not to mention, it would bring people closer to one another. Computers seem to control peoples' lives and that just isn't healthy. I think people should spend more time living and less time with their faces glued to a computer screen! Lastly, computers are like vampires, sucking away your money. In @DATE1's economy people need to be saving their money for college or even simpler things like a new pair of shoes! Additionaly, at the rate that technology is advances, even the most high-tech computers are out of date in a year or two and a new one is needed. Also, computers' prices are constantly rising. It is very hard to keep up! I strongly believe computers are a waste of money and bring society down. All in all, computers just are a negative attribute in communities across the @LOCATION1. First off they can be dangerous. Secondly, they are too time consuming and, thirdly, computers are too expensive. Computers just simply are a hassle in @DATE1's world."	5	5	10
765	"Dear Newspaper, In think that computers are not good for the society. There are three reasons why I think this and these are the following; @CAPS1, people don't get to spend time with their family. Second, you can get misspell words using instant messenger. When your doing your homework you can get distrated by the computer. The @CAPS1 reason why computers are bad for the society is because people don't spend enough time with their family, I know I don't. I spend at least half my day staring at a screen when I could be outside walking my dog with friends. Furthermore, instant messenger is the most addicting. When I type something, I use abreveations for any word. The professor at @LOCATION1 says at least @PERCENT1 students spell abreveated words in tests. For example, if you wanted to spell ""what"" instead the @PERCENT1 would spell ""@CAPS2"". Finally, my last reason why I think computers are not good for society is because you can get distracted by it a lot. I know that because I am driven to the world of computers. When ever I do my homework. I can't keep my eyes off the screen. Therefore explains that computers are not good for society. In conclusion, computers keep you from spending time with your family, has students misspelling words, and distracting you from doing your homework. I hope you agree with me on this."	4	4	8
766	"@ORGANIZATION1, The delema over computers needs to be noticed. People need to relize computers are one of the greatest inventions we have in our time, but in my opinion people take that as an advantage and misuse them for purposes that they should not be used. Computers are not meant to be for playing games, or constently instent messaging. They are meant for learning purposes and for work or school. Why do people use computars for things that they dont need? People use computers for fun! They instant message, listen to music, go on @CAPS1, @CAPS2, or @CAPS3. People also use @CAPS4 and play games on unknown websites. Computers are not ment to be for that, they are for school and work. @ORGANIZATION2, word, @ORGANIZATION2, and powerpoint, if computers were used for those purposes people wouldnt be the way they are today. In the @LOCATION1 the computer is very popular people aboulutly love it! But these people are the people who are unfriendly, mean and sad. They also are incredibly out of shape. I know so many people who use computers instead of doing homework and getting fresh air. They are so independent they do when they go home from school is eat and play on the computer. I have a hard time understanding why they do that but I guess they feel they have nothing else better to do. I also know people who use the computer the right way and they are very happy people. They also have so much knowledge and there is never a dull conversationthem. Those people use the computer everyday but they use it correctly only for and they are just well are very smart and get good grades in school! Basically, what I am trying to say is that people who use the computer suceed in anything they do because they know how to use and understand the computer, but people who use it in the wrong ways will just be miserable because they dont know to much, they had average grades and they are unhealthey."	4	4	8
767	"Dear editor, I have heard that some experts are saying that @CAPS1 spend too much time online. I thoroughly believe they are mistaken. With the use of internet people can learn about faraway places without spending money to go there. Our military uses internet to talk to their family and friends stateside. Also it helps us aquire great hand-eye coordination. If someone was planning a trip to @LOCATION1 they would check the internet often. Firstly, they would check out sites to go to in @LOCATION1. Second, they would check and compare hotels in @LOCATION1. Thirdly, they would check the weather in @LOCATION1. Finally, they would check airports for flights going to and from @LOCATION1. Without the internet planning vacations would be close to impossible. People not only use the internet for pleasure but for communication purphases too. They use web cams to talk online to people in faraway places. It is fast, free, and convinent way to communicate to other people. Our military uses web cams to let the soliders talk to their families. How would you feel if you were a solider fighting for you country and the means to talk to your family is out there, but you could not use it. It is cruel and unjust to keep soliders from talking to their families. Internet also gives us something usefull. It helps us build hand-eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination is used in many things. In basketball you need to be able to look up and dribble at the same time. When you are driving you need to be able to look up and still be able to steer the car. Without hand-eye coordination many more accidents would happen from carliess errors. Internet helps people make the world a safer place. In some aspects the experts are right. We should go out and enjoy nature, but we also need to enjoy and use the internet as well. Some people use it as pleasure and build hand-eye coordination. Whle others use it to talk to their loved ones. Or use it to plan vacations. No matter who you are or what you do internet plays an important part in life."	4	5	9
768	"I would agree because computers do help people with other things like vacations sights, jobs, presents and shoping. So many uses for the computer. But creators of the computer are worried that people are spending to much time on the computer. Mainly its about conserners and users, most of those people complain that their having no time with their family and friends. You never know if the users are looking up vacation trips for both friends and familys. The things that conserners dont get is that the computer can teach you alot of things, history, mathmatics, science experiments and many more. Computers are also used in schools to help students with their work, even teachers use the computer for grades. It is true about people not going outside geting some fresh air or even taking a walk in the park. They cant keep themselfs on the computer for like @NUM1 hours, its just crazy. So i would go with both sides. Its just better to enjoy life then just look up things that you dont really need to. You should only need to go on like paying bills, and furneture for your house. Thats why the computer was invented."	3	3	6
769	"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, I believe that the computer is good for the society because, @CAPS2 and student's do most of the studies online. We spend most of our time with our family and friends so we want a little bit of time to ourselves. We learn much more on the computer because it has a lot of facts. After reading this essay I hope you will agree with my position. @CAPS2 student's put most of their notes on a laptop and study what they did in class on the computer. @CAPS6 they need to look something for history class they have internet. High @CAPS3 @CAPS4 don't like going to the library so they go on the internet as there source. So @CAPS6 a student has a project due and the teacher wants it neat the computer will write the project neatly. The computer/internet has became a big source of learning to our society don't you agree? Our time most of the time is spent with our families @CAPS7 not our friends came over. Go outside and play with them, sit down and play games. Our families we are so little bit of time to ourselves computer won't hurt nobody. We don't on forever we friends or search something useful @CAPS5 we talked to our families @CAPS6 we go online searching for they couldn't fire. People countries to see @CAPS7 enough to visit for @CAPS7 they wanna that country they need a resource that is up to date. A computer is constantly updated with new fact's about everything. I hope after reading this you will agree with my position. Mostly every person has a computer and it does not effect there lives a lot. A computer is a great resource for the public. People wanna meet new people so they use a computer to do so student's want a great grade on those project so they wanna present it nicely. I believe agreeing with you be a very good choice."	4	4	8
770	"As the people of the world are starting to use the computer more and more, I think it has a extremely positive effect on people. Computers are not all fun and games they help with other things as well. For example, some of the amazing things the computer are; teach hand-eye coordination. give people all over the world a chance to learn about the places, people and culture from far away places, and last hit not least, it is another way to allow people to talk online with their friends. Now let me explaine more about what a positve effect the computer is for the millions of people that use one. The computer today is such a great thing to have in your house. It is not for just ga off and playing video games on, it is also very helpful in the education of young children, teens, parents, and even grandparents. when you use the computer there os so much you can learn. For instance lets say you have a in your socical or history about the country or and you don't know a thing about it. What do you do? You should log onto you computer find a reliable website and boom you are learning facts about @LOCATION1 that you would have never know until you logged onto the computer. The computer is also a great way to practice and get better using your hand-eye coordination. First you need to learn about the of the keys and where they are positioned on the keyboard. After you have that skills, you should try to look at the computer screan. and not be working down at you finger keys. Not only is that not helping you hand-eye coordination, but it is causing you to type much slower than you would if you were looking at the screen. The computer truely is unbelievable. Are you one of those people who's parents don't you get a phone because use of how much it costs without even the cost of texting? Well if you are, the computer help you out with that problem aswell!! There are bunches of different ways to talk to your friends and family on the computer. For example, you could use @CAPS1 to instant your friends or facebook to learn more and more about somebody. The comp. is so hanndy! So lets recap on what we learned! The computer helps people learn about different places all over the world helps w/ hand-eye coordination, and lets you talk to your friends! I think the comp is a in every household."	5	5	10
771	"Computers are today a common havar hold item and some people think its bad for socity when in reality its our most useful tool nowadays. It supply's an easy access to information along with preparing skills for future generations. And giving from lifes sometimes to cruel days through gamming. Before computers world spend hours in books and find what there looking for. The computer solves this. This non as simple as typing what ou need to know and hiting the enter key. This improves grades for children and life for adult solving a into the without leving your home and allowing news like yourself to spread into at the moment it's known. It also creates an interactive place for anyone in the world with thing like and or question and answers this allows us not only yo ask opinions and compare responses but to get statistics that @MONTH1 help us make life altering decions. Not only it supply info it also prepare our for the world. With things like children around the world and I social and decion making skills. It also them like web and design as well as simplier things like management and tougher things like business. Along with all that though it gives love an copy. Online video gaming is today a huge maker in which allows people not only for new as they do anything from dance, build, fight, smithe teilor, and so. And this infact @NUM1 of games are ages @NUM2. It also improves at the same time hand eye cordination. So when you have a ruff day tents to brings people happyness. So computers all neccity and put your mind to hard work but @MONTH1 you your dreams with a little well limit!!"	5	5	10
772	"To whom it @MONTH1 concern, @CAPS1 more people are getting involved with using the computer while I think that is great other don't. I believe that using a computer is a good thing because technology is going to progress and computers will be the base, also computers are safer now because or privacy options and virus block. Finally, computers help you gather knowledge that no one book could tell you. Although technology is progressing computers are only the basics. Sooner or later everything will be based on computers like, jobs, school, and ever the medical field. Jobs will have more computers and touch screen devises because they are easier and more technologicly advanced. As for school @CAPS1 students have to take computer classes to learn how to write brouchures and make websites. The medical field is now using more advanced ultrasounds that take the image and make it there dementional. So, if everything is changing around you why do you want to be stick in the past? Although, some people are worried about internet saftey and viruses, there are ways that those can be limited. As for social networking sites don't set it up for the whole world to see. Set it up for only your friends to see. Also, make sure you know who your friends are. As for viruses, don't go on websites that cause viruses. Also, you can get a virus blocker that helps eliminate them. The computer also helps to give you and get you knowledge. You can learn about cocrent civilizations. Or modern day without taking a step out of your house. Also the internet has vertual simulations so you can experence what it was like in other coultures, in other time pericals. Computers give you knowledge that help you through your life especially if you don't have a library. Even though some people disagree computers are the base of technology, safe, and full of knowledge I do. Yes, they do have some flaws but they are a great learning tool."	4	4	8
773	"Dear Newspaper, I believe that advances in technology have many positive effects, such as computers. Computers are great for people of all ages. Computers teach hand-eye coordination and allow people to learn information from all over the world. Lastly, computers allow people to communicate through internet. Advances in technology improve society and the over all way of life around the globe. Advances in technology are amazing. Computers show these advances greatly. With the simple use of a computer, one can learn great hand-eye coordination skills. Typing skills are a great example. Typing skills are needed by almost everyone in the world. Without computers, no one would have these skills. A young child can go on the computer, play a game, and learn basic typing and hand-eye coordination skills to jump start their coordination skills for the rest of their life. Advances in technology are great. These advances in computers can also allow people to learn worldwide information. Many times in school, students are asked to do a report on a different country. It would be very hard to do that report without a computer. The student would need to go through all different books to find specific information needed. With the internet, that project can get done a lot faster just by typing whatever you need to know. How about that family vacation you've always wanted to go on? Need an idea of where to go? Use the internet! All you need to do is type in vacation spots and click enter. Instantly, you will have hundreds of choices right in front of you. This makes life a lot simpler. Do you remember the last time your mom or dad went on a business trip and you couldn't talk to the because they were busy? there is a fix to this with internet. You can communicate with them through @CAPS1, @CAPS2 or both. Just hookup your @CAPS2 to the computer and instantly say good @TIME1, or hows it going. If you have a friend that you can instant message them. It is so easy that it will seem like you are standing right next to them on a matter of seconds. In conclusion, computers and advances in technology are great and can benefit everyone in the world computers tech hand-eye coordination, allow one to learn information from around the world, and allow communication through internet happen instantly. Writers and editors of the newspaper, please agree with me on this topic. Advances in technology can only add posotive effects to the way of life. Support advances in today's technology to help improve life for those of."	5	5	10
774	"Dear Newspaper, I think Computers are good for many things and are useful for anyhting. I believe this because every year new and exciting @CAPS1 and websites are created and make life easier. For example, ""@CAPS2"" is a way to communicate with friends and family. For me I have family out-of-state, and I am happy when I go on @CAPS2 and speak to them. Or I can also talk to friends after a long day of school. Another example is ""youtube."" On youtube They have how to videos that show you step-by-step instructions on anything, even on news and music entertrainment. Other @CAPS1 like word, help you set up writing essays and @CAPS4 stories. On powerpoint it lets you make slide show videos for school projects to presentations. Even excel let's you make graphs and any char t imaginable. And let's not forget @ORGANIZATION1. @ORGANIZATION1 helps you when you need info on a person, place, or thing. And by useing @ORGANIZATION1 it helps you when you need information for other @CAPS1 like word and more. See, computers help everyday people wiht everyday life."	3	4	7
775	"I support advances in technology because In the future. Our world will be run by computers people can learn about places and people that they can never afford to see for real, and lastly, this helps to connect people to other people without talking to them directly. Have you ever thoughtabout the future, I know I have, usually when you think future, you think nobody and lots of automated things. The fact is the world is turning into a pure run by technology and as we the people get smarter, so does the technology so what good will the future if none of us know how to work a simple peice of technology such as a computer, then how are we going to use the more complicated things then? Believe it or not our world within @NUM1 years will be run all on computers, you will not have to do antyihg but wil them. without computers, how would we know aobut all of the stuff that we know now. How would people know that egypt looked like @NUM2 year ago? they dont to be there they could just look it up on the computer and how just as must about it as if they went there. Also computers enable you to learn about people that lived before your time. What president that you in something aobut how would you be able to find out after computer you could go to a library is right there to be will out computers in todya society. Our average being would in at how does becaus of the that computers have given us. I can whey some experts are conceried that are however, for some people this is the only correction to their emily and friends it there is a family that lives lets say in a different country, and he or she wanted to talk to you, how would you go about doing that? I know that I would try to contact them on the computer. I love friends that live out of state and I enjoy talking to them so if we did not have the compuers that we do. these experts are sasying that we are going to drive across the country to talk to them, if you ask me htat is pretty tire consuming and pointless. In conclusion, I hope that you agree with me in keeping technology in our lives is important because of the future for people to learn nee things about places and people, and also to communicate with friends and family although I can se your part of view that kids are not getting enough exercise most kids that computers are also involved sport."	4	4	8
776	"Dear local newspaper, I think it's okay for people all over the world to use computers: The reason why I @CAPS1 this is because a lot of people us computers for a lot of things. People all over the world use computers for something important, in case of emergency and much more. Us kids/students in @ORGANIZATION1 use computers to go on myspace, facebook, and the chat lie. to talk to our friends or even to talk to other people in the world. We also talk to our family that lives somewhre far away from the @LOCATION1 of lives here in the @LOCATION1 but in a different state. Lots of us kids go to myspace to talk to friends, family, people who we don't even know, people from all over the world and people that we havn't seen in years. Well then agian people also use computers to sell drugs which is very bad for our enviorment. This is one good reason why people are so effective and addictive to their Computers because bad people and drug dealers sell drugs over the enternet and other bad people and drug dealers buy the drugs over the enternet. As far as i know a lot people over the enternet I alson know that the people outside the enternet wouldn't do those things and even the people inside the enternet wouldn't do those bad things and sell drugs over the enternet. The reason why I know this is because they're my friends. They're smart and they just wouldn't do no such thing over the enternet or even at all. I tell you agian to my local newspaper it is okay for the people around the entire world to use any computer, @CAPS2, @NUM1 or anthing as long as they have connection but as for the drug dealers and bad people is up to than if they want to keep doing want they keep doing because eventually they will end up getting cought and getting brought to jail. I tell you that computers are meant to have fun but not meant to drugs over the enternet but anyway"	4	3	7
777	"Computers are the way of the future. I believe that computers benefit society. I believe this because computers enable you to talk to family and friends online. It also gives you thousands of websites to learn valuable information from. Lastly it teached hand-eye coordination. First computers alow you to socialize online. I know @CAPS1 I get home from school I can talk to virtually any friends online. People against computers say it takes away time from interacting with family, however, this is not true. I talk to all of my aunts via facebook and other social websites. Also @CAPS1 my parents are at work the are abile to message me over the computer with out having to go get a phone and call my house. My last reason for this is that it helps me and my friends get intouch easier lets say I'm having a friend come over, but he got sick. He woulden't have to go look up a number and call me, he could just send me a message of the internet. My second reason is that computers help with education. I know that @CAPS1 I'm stuck on a problem at home, I'll just go on the computer and look up the answer. Also, @CAPS1 I have to do projects, the computer is very helpful for me and many other kids, @CAPS1 doing a project, I can't getall of my information from one book so I go on the computer and look up information about the subject. This really improves students grades, because they had more resources and more information to choose from, instead of only the information in the book. My last reason is that using a computer can help with hand-eye coordination. On the computer there are many sites that have very interactive sites the you can really benefit from I know of one website that was able to help me with my fielding in baseball because it had interactive games that would actually help with things is real life, like fielding in baseball. I know there are other websites like this for many other sports like basketball and foot ball. So the computer actually helped with real life activities. To sum it all up I think computers can benefit society a lot. Like being able to communicate with your friends. Also being able to look up school work with. Lastly helping with hand-eye coordination."	5	5	10
778	"Dear Newspaper, Computers benefit society because they teach people. They are also helpful because they solve problem that humans might have trouble with. They can also entertain us when we have nothing to do. They can teach people many things. They can help tourist learn about a location they wish to travel to. Actually @NUM1 out of every @NUM2 tourist research the area there going to on a computer. They help students catch up or fully understand something. One time I was having trouble with fraction, in math. So I decided to look up the way to find the answer and it caught me up with the class again. The computer can explain cultures from any where in the world. According to culture digest.com @PERCENT1 of people visiting a new country. Find out about the culture first. Computers solve problems that some people might not now about. It can solve a math problems easily with a built in calculator. @NUM3 out @NUM4 computer users have used calculator to help them solve a problem. They also solve geographic problems. There @MONTH1 be an about of date map but this is easily solved with live satelite maps. Map tools says there has never been a flaw in their system. Computers have a wide viarety of entertainment. They can play music. @PERCENT2 of teens get there music from the computer over a cd. Computers can entertain you with games. One day it was raining hard and I had nothing to do so I went on my computer and played minesweeper. This kept me very entertained. Please take this letter into consideration. Thank you for time."	4	4	8
779	"@ORGANIZATION1, In @DATE1, more and more of the newest technology is being brought out to the public. Computers, @CAPS1-bars, telephones, and more are getting the most hi-tech softwares and machinery to @CAPS8 some of the most meraculous things happen. There is a cell-phone that allows you to turn of you lights in your house from thousands of miles today. This technology can be the best thing that has ever happend to the world. Some might argue that though. But I am here to argue The @CAPS2-sayers. With the new computers, people are able to talk with people all over the world. Also dreams can some true for people that never have the chance to follow @CAPS3. Also, questions that have been asked can now be answered. I have a number of cousins in @LOCATION3 who I only talk to if I go to visit @CAPS3 which is very rare. Because of some of The programs like @CAPS4, or @CAPS5 @CAPS6, I am able to converse with @CAPS7 cousins. Some people say That The @ORGANIZATION2 can @CAPS8 kids like me want to miss out on some quality-time with @CAPS7 family. Well, @CAPS7 brother is going to @CAPS10 in six months and I am going to want to talk with him. With phone companies haunting their costumers with scary prices, @CAPS7 family is not going to want to sit on The phone with him for @NUM1 hours and have to cut into their savings. On @CAPS7 @ORGANIZATION2, there is an application called i-chat which allows me to talk with @CAPS7 brother and see him as if he were home with me. @CAPS7 dad found out about @CAPS4 and he decided to try it out. As of now, he has reconnected with tons of his high-school Friends @CAPS13 get back in the game. Maybe you can find a special friend that you almost forgot about. Or you can find out what is happening with your sister who lives in @LOCATION1. The @ORGANIZATION2 also allows those less fortunate who can never afford a plane ride to discover a place they've always wanted to go. The internet offers virtual tours of places like the @LOCATION2 of even @LOCATION4- @CAPS14 places can be explored without stepping foot out of your house. Also @CAPS15, a website that offers millions of videos, incudes tourtorials for dances, sports, tricks, and more @CAPS13 you don't have to break into the bank for charged lessons. Another good thing about the @ORGANIZATION2 is it offers mostly reliable information. Sorry didn't get to finish @NUM2 paragraph & conlusion."	5	4	9
780	To the computers people technology is a good thing to have. If we do not have technology then we can not call no one. We wiil not have computers to go online. We can not talk to my family or friends. People us technology for they jobs like people that work for cars they need computers to see if the cars if old. That is why will need technology. People need technology for a lot of thin have technology to us. Computers is the big thing because we need to look up a lot of things online we need computers to test on. We call people with technology you us computers to go online on google.com that is why we need technology. so we can call people.	3	2	5
781	"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 you know that more than half the students in the world use the computer to study. I think that people don't spend a lot of time on the computer. And even if they are it's for studying learning of catching up with old friends. Here are some reasons why I think that computers have good effects on people. Most kids use computers to learn about things they are doing in class. And they also use the computer to study about a country or a person they are doing a report on. Also there are games on the computer that can help you with math. Now onto my secod reason. You can also use the computer to send emails to friends that live faraway, and also you could use things like facebook to find friends that had moved away. And you could also use a video camera to video chat with a friend or if you are a business man or woman you could videochat with clients all across the country. Now onto my third and final reason. Computers also have applications like microsoft word which lets you type things such as essays or term papers instead of having to write them out by hand. Also there is an application that lets you make a powerpoint if you need to make one for a project. And there is an application that lets you paint pictures or draw pictures. Those are some reasons why I think that computers have good effects on people. If we didn't have computers the world would be very different like kids wouldn't be able to search things for projects or type essays. And you wouldn't be able to keep contact with someone who moved away. Also you wouldn't be able to make power points for projects. And that is why I think computers have a good effect on people."	4	4	8
782	"Has a computer helped you ever answerd hard question or type up an essay for school for work? I know a computer has helped me far years so why would I teminate it or want it gone. Heres the controversy, many experts believe computers don't benefit society but people, such as myself, believe the exact oppositte. Their are many benefits to oconing a computer such as they're always a source of information, allow you to talk online with others, and they can help people with their school and job loans. No matter what the problem, don't you believe a computer is always a source of information that could help? A computer has endless information on any topic unlike books. This is because everyone, from the most to the least intelligent people, have their opinions, ideas, and hard facts in a computer on the web. I once watched a movie of a man who despised computers and new technology. Thus, for most of his life he wondered the world with no hint or clue as where to @CAPS4 in search of a rare artifact called the @CAPS1 diamon. He never found the diamond but his son who searched it on the internet found out the root geo from @CAPS1 meant underground in ancient @CAPS2 culture. due to a computer he found the diamond underground, beneath the ancient @CAPS2 temples. Therefore, I believe if people would embrace technology such as computers they would find many things that they never thought of. also, computers give you the ability to chat online with family and friends. Many people use computers to stay in touch when they have no available phones, with a computer you could chat with your friend down the street or your family member on vacation in another country. No matter where you are a compute can always be on available form of communication. for example, the only way many of our soldiers fighting wars stay in touch with their loved ones back home is by talking to them online with a computer. One thing I know is no matter how old to probably about @NUM1, if you have a job or go to school you have used a computer to help you with @CAPS4. Whether it was getting an answer to a homework question or researching a person for a project, we all use computers. Computers even have the ability to help you make brochures or pamphlets. This can greatly help you advertise if that is something you do at work. Also, many people don't have the neatest handwriting so they type their essay or letter to their boss, you can even choose what type of handwriting it types. No matter the case, with work a computer always helps. Yes, I do believe computers benefit the society. Althourgh, some experts do disagree with me and believe they can become an addition. Still take my suggestions seriously and continue to use your computer. Remember, it is always a source of info., you can chat online, and it helps with work."	5	5	10
783	I aegre waf the evansmant ov tnachnolage. The evansmant ov tnachnolige is being to halp fined a kohar froi alnsas. Tnanchnolage waf ont ot we wod not go to the moon. Tnachnologe evans as we maech at. The people are in tnacholege to the frchr fror the good ov live. Famas invanyor ues tnacholage leki lena orde dvanse and his fling mashine. Tnachologe is the grat	2	2	4
784	"Dear @LOCATION1 @CAPS1, Computers lately have been considered a distraction and unessasary device. I personally think that they have many things to offer everyone each helps us and understand things and subjects we couldn't understand before. Also computers are now sad to make people lazy or physically unfit but that depends on the person. They could easily go to play and talk with family and friends if they wanted to. Computers are also not becoming a important and learning, making informationeasier to before. The most popular and common of a computer now is communication. Websites are invented on the main idea of communicating. Computers are a important part of the future life that isn't harmful or unnessary. Resently we have been able to use computers in so many helpful ways. Learning and studying new and important things. Researching and collecting data to cure a desies to working on a machicene. They are now a important and useful part of jobs people have now. Almost anything published or shown to the public went through a computer. So people 's jobs on computers working and learning. Like a job you print out a paper every week or day even. You use computers to edit and put together your paper before printing. So basic computer skills are important for people to have for new jobs and common ones you see everyday. Computers are rumored also to be too time consuming and unhealthy for a person. Computers are a optional thing for people to use in their own time required to do. The person could go out and see friends and family. Go to the gym, a vacation without a computer. Yes they are fun to use they have a lot of things to do it isn't needed like air or water. You can live without using a computer for us a week. You can take a walk, read a book, go hangout with your family and won't be pressured for computer time at all. If your worried about it take a break from it for a while. You can do things without a computer. Learning with computers is thing lately, in @CAPS2 they're going in the computer lab learning to read on or other programs. Studying or writing essay in my grade mostly. Researching for a class and making a project. Computers are useful in school. You also read about new subjects and learn new things on computers possibly helping you in your classes or. The biggest use of computers now is communication through many websites like youtube, facebook, myspace and many others. They allow people to communicate their ideas and opinions. Talk to far away friends and family without high phone bill. Seeing politics and daily news to the weather. Almost all means of communication can be done with a computer. So now you see computers are a vital and useful of daily technology we have at reach. It is not unhealthy or time consuming unless you are allowing your computer usage to be that."	5	5	10
785	"Computers do not benefit society today. Computers have made technology a necessity, many people don't spend enough time doing other activities, and they do not benefit your health. Do you want a world full @ORGANIZATION1 people who have their eyes glued to a computer screen? Computers are very helpful to all people but they are adicting. Computers were made to get your tasks done quicker and easier. For example you can shop online and google things. We live in a generation where computers have become a necessity instead @ORGANIZATION1 pleasure. According to @PERSON1, a psychologist at the @ORGANIZATION1, more than @PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION1 people, now-a-days, are inside on their computers. Furthermore, computers are making people lazier. Instead @ORGANIZATION1 going to the store to buy things or walking to your friends house to talk, you would typically use the computer to do so. Therefore, people don't spend enough time doing other things. For example, on a sunny and beautiful day you would think that most kids would be outside having fun, but this isn't thet case anymore. For children who are old enough to use / work a computer, they'@CAPS1 be inside on that nice day. There are many nice things to do on a computer, like chatting with friends, checking your e-mails, and facebook. Even though these things are pleasurable, you should limit your time on the computer. Most @ORGANIZATION1 the time that you spend on the computer could be spent outside or at the movies. Not being on the computer could help small buisnesses too. If you pay money to do an activity, or buy something, watch something it would make a difference in the small buisness's profits. On the other hand, computers don't benefit your health. Mac. magazine says that there are health risks when you use your computer all the time. @PERCENT2 @ORGANIZATION1 people become obese and have vitamind @CAPS1 deficiancy from using their computers so much. When using your computer you could be working out or exercising, and this causes obesity. Also, if you are inside all the time, you wont get the healthy amount @ORGANIZATION1 sunlight that you need, thus you have a vitamin @CAPS1 deficiancy. Another health risk is having bad eyes. If you spend hours a day on a computer your eyes can get permanently damaged. Do you want your child / children to be put at risk for using a computer too much? In conclusion, it is safe to say, that computers do not benefit society today. Many people have an addiction to technology, you could be using your time more wisely, and computers put your health at risk. Although computers do allow us to have an easier time accomplishing tasks, abusing the privlage will have consiquenses on everyone."	5	4	9
786	"I personally think that people should not spend so much time on the computer. One reason why people shouldn't spend so much time on the computer is because people spend to much time on them and not enough time exercising. Another reason why is because people aren't enjoying nature. Finally, my last reason is because people are spending less time interacting with family ans friends. My first reason why people shouldn't spend so much time on the computer is bacause they are spenfing more time on them then exercising. People will end up getting fat if all they do is sit around on their computer. People should be running or going to the gym instead of going on the computer. Even if you have your own equipment at your house to exercis on it's still better then going on the computer and not getting any exercise at all. If people spent as much time exercising then they spend on the computer, then the average weight of a human will go way down. Another reason people should't spend so much time on the computer is because people are spending less time enjoying nature. People should be outside getting fresh air instead of being inside on the computer all day. I personally would way rather be outside playing baseball and getting fit then being inside on the computer getting fat. Even if you look at nature via comuter, it still wan't be the same because you actually aren't outside experiencing it yourself. If people waould spend as much time enjoying nature as they are on the computer. We would be living in a much more healthy and clean word. My last reason why I think people spend so much time on the computer is because they are spending less time interacting with family and friends. People could be in a dark room all day, isolated from everyone they came about just because they are on the computer. That to me just isn't right because they covered he spending quality time with their friends and family, instead they are spending time with their computer. If a person spends all their time on the computer then everyone they care about will gradually be slipping away even if they don't know it. So as you can see, it would be much better if people spend more time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends then spending more time on the computer. even if you don't spend alot of your time on the computer yet, you will gradually spend more and more time on it everyday until eventually it's all you do."	5	4	9
787	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 and kids of any age at this society, are way to focused on the latest technology. One piece of equptment that is affecting peoples lives, is the computer. We need to get rid of this habbit and learn to do different activites! People are spending way to much time on computers and less time enjoying nature excersing, and need to interact with friends and family more take the time to agree with me as I confront you on how the computer is taking over our lives! Is time flying you by? Are you overwhelmed, at how life passes you so quickley? Well, if you answered yes, stop the computer madness and head on outside! Your no enjoying nature! Nature is as beautiful as a gorgeous scene of @CAPS3 @CAPS4 love oceans with pink sand. Who would want to miss this? @PERCENT1 of @CAPS2 complain that they rarely enjoy what life has to take on the outside of your house. Just think you won't be able to see the stupendous, the seasons changing, withought going outdoors. ""I want my @CAPS6, to experience the wide variety of nature as she grows old."" @CAPS5 of her daughter. Well, @MONTH1 I add, little @CAPS6 is not going to get much nature out of her, if she does not get her eyes unglued to the comuter screen! Yes, comuters, are very brilliant, and have lots to do, but if you want to be missing out on the new trees being discovered every day, be my guest! @PERCENT2 of all the population in the @LOCATION2 is overweight due to technology brought into our world. The greatest impart is the computer! high-paid physicians try and teach their parents at a young age, to go out and play sports - while excersing at the same time and nor to stay home and play videogames. Now you tell me, would you rather get a good healthy excersise, and have all the energy you need or would you like to slowy add on to your and gain issues as you the internet? I remember @DATE1, I grabred my nike hightops, and my pink ipod I started jogging at a slow while listening to my favorite song. Naturally by I felt amazing when my was complete going each day is as healthy as eating a bannana, @NUM1 apples, and cheese eery morning their healthy! ""@CAPS7 since technology has been a part of my life, my two daughters have not visited their grand parents in over @NUM1 years! This needs to step!"" @CAPS8 @PERSON1 to the press. Yes, comuters have ""online-talking"" devices such as @CAPS9, but if you are never going to spend quality time with family, this is a bad habbit. On @DATE3, @DATE2, my brother and I, were too busy on the computer, we missed a birthday party the family we are addicted to this device, and need to spend time with our loved ones. @PERCENT3 of all therapy computers have @CAPS2 into depresion and have been with their plains, due to the high amount of to do on this device and less time bonding with members of your Who would rather play on a old, gray, computer when you can have fun talking about you day and the game life with your family? @CAPS10's now a never! What will you choose? Do you agree that computers take over lives? If you try and prove me wrong just remember, nature is a big and many people are missing out on the advantage technology is taking over peoples excersing habbits, and many families are less bonding @CAPS10's up to you keep the population of @LOCATION1 in good hands!"	6	6	12
788	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I am writing to you @DATE1 because of the concern of people that have computers. You are concerned about people whom own computers aren't spending time either excircising, enjoying nature, or not interacting with their family. I agree with the fact that @CAPS5 people have computers they become lazy and don't spend time interacting in any activities. I was in @CAPS1 one day and made a survay, for how many people agree that not many people because of computers aren't interacting in any activities. @PERCENT1 of the people I asked said they agree but of corse the others didn't care much. Many people @MONTH1 think it's normal but I checked a web site that specializes is weight and how to get to your feet and loose weight eazily, that web site is @CAPS3.com. I read an article on the web page and on paragraph @NUM1 sec. @NUM2 it states that the obesity in the @LOCATION1 is caused by either computer and/or lazyness. Of corse some people might disagree but at the same those people who disagree are big time athleats who do both. I had a chate with @PERSON1, a pro @CAPS4 player he said,""@CAPS5 I was a kid we didn't have those things we were either doing home work or playing outside with our friends. ""Even big time athleats agree. Well in conclusion I agree with the fact that because of the fact that people have computers makes them lazy and do not interact with their family."	4	4	8
789	"Dear Local Newspaper, @ORGANIZATION1 has been a discussion around the @LOCATION1 for decades now. People cannot agree on whether computers are a good privelage to the society or just bumping it down year after year. I think computers do have a positive effect on people. This is because they teach hand-eye coordination, give them knowlege about cultures around the world, and allow people to communicate with one another. Do you think the downsides really outweigh these positives? Hand-eye coordination is not something you are born with. You gain it as you get older and acheive practive. Computers help with this goal. ""@PERCENT1 of people who go on the @ORGANIZATION1 frequently, have been horrible at catching a baseball before going on the @ORGANIZATION1, and after have caught every time."" says biologist @PERSON1. And it not only helps with baseball, but with other sports such as juggling, golf or tennis. If you get very good at these sports, you can play them for fun, or even as a proffessional. Who knew that playing on the @ORGANIZATION1 could get you so far in life?! Did you know, according to ""Time"" magazine, that people who go on the @ORGANIZATION1 are better able to focus on tasks, such as schoolwork, because it enables your hands and eyes to work together as one? And everyone knows that if you get good grades in school, almost any job you could be qualified in? Then, you can earn a good amount of money, and live your dream life!! Oh, great another @NUM1 hour day of school. Hhmm. What do I have first block? @LOCATION3 history. What? Yes! We're doing a culture project! That means I can easily go on the @ORGANIZATION1 and find out great things about what place I'm assigned. That's another up-put about computers. Easy access to tons of useful information. I have cheerleading everyday after school until @NUM2. If I have a project, I don't have hours and hours to look in books and find out what I need to know. Computers allow me to do my sport and still get a good grade in school. @PERCENT2 of people use computers to do their informational work about faraway places. It is faster and more accurate. You could just search through your bookshelf to find an almanac. But once you find it, you would need to check the copyright. Hopefully it's recent. If not, you're in trouble. Would you feel like prying through more shelves to be acccurate? Facebook, @CAPS1, @CAPS2. All new ways to communicate with people. Just another useful effect on people. Forgot to write down your homework? Hopefully your friend didn't and you can just ask them. ""@PERCENT3 of people don't chat with others online."" says @LOCATION2 @ORGANIZATION1 expert. Most of it has to be for some reason or another. Such as homework, what happened that day, or how they haven't seen eachother in forever. Don't you chat with people online? Trust me, it can be a gradesaver. Maybe this will help you conclude that computers give a positive effect on society because of handeye coordination, information, and chatting. What would we do without them?"	5	5	10
790	"Dear Newspaper, I think computer use is good because, it will teach people to have hand-eye coordination. Also people will have the ability to learn about different states and countries. I ask people would be able to interact with their family and friends from different towns. Those are all the reasons why I think computers are a good use. The first reason why I think people should use computers is it will teach people to have hand-eye coordination. People will know how to stay focussed with their eyes and also know how to also use their hands all at the same time. To stay focussed with their eyes people would have to wear glasses for the light. Also so when they are typing they wont have to keep looking down all the time. When people coordinate with their hands on the computer its so they know were the different are thats why computers are good. My second reason why computers are good is because people will have the ability to learn about the different states and countries. They can also see how nice or bad the countries and states look. Also they will be able to read about what different cultures they have and religions. In the states also be to read about @LOCATION1, @LOCATION2, and how we have a wonderful state. That's why computers are good use. My final reason why the use of computers is good because, people can interact with their family and friends online. There are a lot of different websites you can go to that you can search for one of your family members or friends. You can talk to each other. Also you can talk to them even if their in a different state. You guys can talk about a lot of different things. For example, the family and life and even if you miss them. Thats why computers are good. Those are my reasons why computers are good. Not only can it teach you about hand-eye coordination, family and friends, and about different states. But also you can play a lot of different games and also type on an notepad. Also if your stuck on a math problem you can use the calculator. That's why people should use the computers."	4	4	8
791	Dear @PERSON1 I think myself that the computers could help u. With a lot of thing like my teacher gave my class some homework and we had to find facts about @CAPS1 @CAPS2 the @NUM1. And if it wasn't for the computer I wouldn't know nothing about @CAPS1 @CAPS2 the @NUM1. Plus the computer could help u find long lost family remembers because when my grandfather die my mother finded her sister on the computer. Plus on the computer I could find out about others states that I dont know about and the computer could teach u about a lot of thing my mother and teacher can't teach @CAPS5. Nah @CAPS6 just saying computers could teach u abt of things that people don't know about.	3	3	6
792	"Dear @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 a teanger growing up in this technologic era @MONEY1 society, I think computers are more harmful than helpful. I presume that books are better resources, people can find fun in other ways and that computers can be dangerous and cause health problems. @CAPS1 a well-read newspaper, your stand on this subject will influence the minds @MONEY1 many. I know computers can help find information, but personally, I believe that books are better resources. Anyone can write and post an article on the internet, even if what they are saying is not true at all. People can lie and say they are a doctor in their @NUM1's when they are really a @NUM2 year old working at @ORGANIZATION1. On the computer, you can never be sure who to believe, but with books you know what you're reading is accurate. The information on the computer, (that's true) you can find a book. Sure, the computer @MONTH1 be the quicker or ""easy way @CAPS6 "" in some cases, but maybe what people need is a challenge. It seems that because @MONEY1 the growing technology, every generation gets lazier and lazier, and less and less into books and it's time for that to stop. Also, people can find fun in many other ways not involving a computer. Many people use social networking sites to connect with their friends, such @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 and @CAPS4, but on those, you can't tell if that person is really who they say they are or not. If you want to talk to your friends, why not call them or more modernly, text them? That way you can be sure @MONEY1 who you are talking to. Too many teens nowadays hide @CAPS6 in their rooms and play games on their computers and spend less and less time with their families. What happend to playing cards and board games with your family? It's much more enjoyable, in my opinion if you play the game for real and not virtually. You can also go outside and get some fresh air, instead @MONEY1 that muggy smell in your room because you're so busy on the computer, you forgot to @CAPS5 the laundry. Plus, if kids have to start handwriting their papers that would improve their handwriting, because they wouldn't get the simplicity @MONEY1 typing. Besides, some kids don't have access to computers, anyways and you have to handwrite your @ORGANIZATION2's, so why not? Lastly computers can be dangerous and/or harmful to health. The use @MONEY1 social networks allows kids to put all their information @CAPS6 there, for anyone to see. This can lead to bad things, like being stalked or kidnapped. The internet also carries many innapropriate images and websites, that youngsters, or anybody, really, should be looking at also staring at a computer screen for hours on end is very bad for your eyes and can cause very serious vision problems in the long run. Plus, I'm sure you've heard how many typists are more prone to arthritis or any problems with pain or loss @MONEY1 the use @MONEY1 their fingers because @MONEY1 the movement @MONEY1 your fingers when you are typing. Getting rif @MONEY1 computers will help to impact peoples' well- being-in a positive manner. While many people enjoy the use @MONEY1 computers, there is really not that great @MONEY1 a need for them. Books are better resources, you can find fun in many other ways, and they can be dangerous/harmful to health. Why spend hundreds or @MONEY1 on a tool that is not even necessary? Don't let the media fool you or pull you in with their tricks, scams, or gimmicks to get you buy one, and next time you go to turn on your computers, thinks "" @CAPS5 I really need this or is there a better way to achieve what I need to get done or what I want to @CAPS5?"" because, more than likely there will be a better way. So, sometimes it's better to say ""@CAPS6 with the new ways @MONEY1 doing things technologically in with old ways @MONEY1 doing things manually."	6	6	12
793	"There are so many different sides to this computer problem, well it's simple computers ruin our lives. Now think if it how many @CAPS1 do you see your kid on it? Computers messes up kids grades. It stops people from taking a car ride to @ORGANIZATION1's house. Also people don't ride their bikes a lot. Computers are an outrage. It first starts off with grades. The parents tell their kid go and start your paper. They sayd ok, and then they are down there on facebook. More @CAPS1 then not kids and parents abuse the computer. In fact @PERCENT2 of america do uses it, that might seem like a small percent but thats more than half the country. Me I don't abuse the computer be I need to keep @CAPS6 grades up. Most students have @CAPS2-average because studies show it's because of computers. Also if your son has a lapttop they're not doing work if that is what you think. I have computers, but we have, books for a reason, no spank, pop ups, or no distractions while working. Like one time I was working on a project, a pop-up came up and read trafic rush free to your computer. So dume me downloads it and @CAPS6 parents caught me playing. Has this changed your mind. Since you probably haven't changed your mind here is another thing way computer bad, your car. All guys love cars. Computers are holding more thand @PERCENT3 of people working or driving their cars. Te only person it hasn't affected is @CAPS6 dad, he works on his cars day in and day out. @CAPS6 grandmom said something interesting to me the after day,""@CAPS3 your dad comes up to visit me more can @CAPS6 other sons, @CAPS6 ohter sons are carzy for computers.""People go bannas for computers today. Latly I have seen less and less people outside anymore. There is only reason for that, all people are shaved in their basement in the dark, so when their light it gurns their eyes it's so bright. Come on did this change your mind yet now. Well since you are still reading on that means you cannot make up your mind. Well here's this people are starting to not want to ride their bikes anymore. That is facebook, this is what they thinks,""@CAPS4 it talk now why I need to ride to talk in person?"" That @PERCENT1 right for what they are think. Because we task a test of all the kids who have facebook, and that's what around all of them said. I know amazing @CAPS5 a at home mother said,"" @CAPS6 son's gaining weight, all her does is eat and go on facebook. When he not on during they day, I catch him at night too."" That is a sad story for that mohter. I ride @CAPS6 bike a lot, this is a real life story: once I was sitting around doing nothing really did @CAPS6 mom said we are riding bikes for @NUM1 miles. I got up end did it too. That had to change your mind, or nothing will. So, in conclusing I have no more ideas for no computers and why. But just remember your grades, cars, and your weight. So please, change your mind."	4	5	9
794	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, Computers are a sought after item in this day in age, and we are making advances in technology every single day. Social networking sites like @CAPS4 and @CAPS5 are all over the internet. Computers are good to some exstent, but some kids find the computer essential to their life. Using computers too much will have a bad effect on society. Oreos, @LOCATION1, @CAPS6 are all common sparks for people to be eating while on the computer. Now when you're sitting on the computer daily and for hours eating these sparks. You are begging to become overweight. @PERCENT1 of @CAPS7 kids are overweight and that is unhealthy. A collassal piece of this @PERCENT1 use the computer daily. There is no doubt obesity is a problem, and computers are making it worse. The people that love to use the computer definetly have some sort of social network account, @MONTH1 it be @CAPS5, or @CAPS4. Kids think they are immune to getting in trouble while posting messages or putting up picture of themselves. In one case a girl actually killed because of nasty messages posted about her. Three have been other cases in which girls have sent a nude pictures of themselves to their boyfriends and other people soul it. There lives will never be the same because they were using the computer too much. Soon we will become the leader of @LOCATION2 and we will get to the decisions around. If we are getting to know our outside world and we are not learning how to to be social without the internet, don't know how we will end up. will be the ones and all that important stuff. Instead of typing away we should explore the world and learn important things. Hopefully, as @CAPS10, we will become independent on computers and we will fit this problem by sending less time on a. Computers are great thing but they should not for going outside with friends and playing baseball."	4	4	8
795	"Computers should be for everyone! Dont you think?, I do. And here's how @CAPS1 gonna convince you. Computers can basically be called a gateway to learning. Positive effects that computers have on peole is that, it teaches hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places, and even allow people to talk online with other people. These great qualities computers have for people are fantastic. Also the fact that computers just keep upgrading as time goes by. So, by you reading this introduction, I hope you are satisfied with what I am going to in order to show you that computers are positive devices and can be helpful to everyone. Firstly, as I started in my introduction paragraph, computers help teach people hand-eye coordinates. This i believe is a good thing to know because without it, there arent many things you could do. For example fly a plane. You wouldn't be able to do that without both hand and eye coordinates because you would have to manually move the plane, and check to see if everythings in order by multi-tasking. Furthermore, this is just one given reason on why computers are positive towards everyone's benefit. Secondly, computers give people the ability tolearn about faraway places and people. This is also good for people's benefits because, theres knowledge in every bit of it. Your learning about others cultures, heritage, family history, and so forth and so on. This could also help you in the long run with any job you want to do because knowledge can get you anywere. It can get you very far in life so learn as much as you can, and I beleive computers can do so. This is another reason why computers can be positive. As for the last reason, I say that peolple can also talk to other people online on the computer.This is also beneficial because again, like I stated in my @NUM1 paragraph, you can learn many things that way and meet new people. Now dont you think computers can benefit anyone! I do and will always have the same opinion that is positive towards computers. For my conclusion, I would like to say that I hoped you enjoyed every bit of what I had to say, and you can also agree with the positive affects computers have on people. I truly beleive that computers are beneficial to all people and should continue to be around. it benefits society, and I enjoy every bit of using it. Thank you."	4	5	9
796	"Dear Readers of the @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 you imagine life without your computer? No? Well that's what I am trying to change. Millions of @CAPS2 spend countless hours with their eyes glued to '@ORGANIZATION2, @ORGANIZATION3 and @CAPS3 monitor screens. Spending that much time sitting in one space isn't healthy, not only do people not get enough exercise but they don't get the chance to apperiate the natural world around them that is ever changing. Teens and even small children get lost in cyberworld and don't use their after school time wisely to study or do homework. The internet is also a dangerous place and the growing computer use with maximize the problem. To begin, the obesity rate in @LOCATION1 is growing rapidly, a recent study done by the @LOCATION2. goverment shows that @NUM1 people are over weight and @NUM2 people are on the of obesity. We @CAPS4 could decrease the obesity rate and be healthier and happier by exersicing and getting out more. Spending all your time glued to a computer screen will only increase your chances of becoming over weight. Secondly, the more time you spend cooped up inside the less time you get to enjoy nature. The natural world is ever changing, and you will miss out on a lot of amazing opportunities if you hardly ever step foot outside your front door. Execive comouter use will wear them out quicker than normal, where does your old word out computer go when you get the @ORGANIZATION2? A landfill! The more your use your computer the faster you will trash it. If every @CAPS5 threwout one computer a year their would be over @NUM3 million discarded dells, gateways, macs, we would be living in trash. @CAPS1 exesive computer use ruins the environment, and hurts your health! What are you waiting for? Go run outside! Ride a bike! Give your computer a break. Finally, the growing computer use increases the amount of internet predetors, and the odds that you or your child could be tougeled skyrocket. With more and more kids on the computer each okey the, internet saftey level drops. Not only could these children be watching inappopriate videos on youtube or cyber bulling on @CAPS6, they could be giving personal information out to people they don't even know without realizing it on myspace and facebook, @PERCENT1 of kiddnappings are possible because of information found on the computer. Do you want any thing like that ever to happen to you or your family? I didn't think so. Get up off of your comfy computer chairs and take a walk. Limit your internet and computer use, all it does is hurt you, theres no gain. Thank you for reading and don't support rapid advances in computer technology."	5	5	10
797	"Dear Local Newspaper, ""@CAPS1 people have any viruses in there head?"" @CAPS2 they need a maricle to pop up away from the computer. Why I stated that is @CAPS2 its unhealthy for many people. Its not using time wisely. But most importantly, it can get you into trouble you don't want to be in. Stick around if you want the anecdote for the computer virus so people can be cured. OMG!!! My stepfather needs to get of the computer! It's unhealthy the amount of time he spends online. He needs to get up and move around. But instead he just sit there online everyday eating. Another reason why its unhealthy is, as you get older your bone's get weaker and when your old you can't move lik you use to and want to. Man just think, if we didn't have a computer, all the time/money people spend on computers can be spent for stuff more useful. For example @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people love computers more than life itself. @PERCENT1 of the world spend their time doing somthing active instead of being on the computer."" @CAPS3 an computer is nice but you got to know that you, can't get controlled by it. ALERT! ALERT!!! Sirence is getting closer and closer to my house. I am getting scared @CAPS2 I am online and i'm wondering if i did anything wrong. But it wasn't me who the cops was coming for, it was my next door neighbor. I guess he was doing illegal stuff online that he had no buisness doing. See computer's can get you into trouble. For example, I remember when i got into trouble with my parents and they look the computer away from me. Now, you know why computers effect people. How unhealthy it is, to many people. Why it takes up so much time from people's life. And all the trouble it puts people through."	5	4	9
798	"Dear local newspaper I disagree because people should just enjoying spending time with famimely and not on the computer  doing nothing do you agree with me so far? Frist of being if you wast all you're time being of the computer there is nothing there is nothing you can get done as I have notice many shildren are on computer every right after school playing on the computer. For example my cosiun is on the computer evryday doing  but wasting his time are you still with me. Secondly children should be studying on the computer not playing video games and going in website that are not allowed more then @NUM1 do students and children are on the internet palying video games and doing something the is done everyday also I have seen many kids playing games on the computer. Thirdly student will never learn nothing if they wast there time because computer is for studing and many students don't have there time wisely as they should also many student should be useing comput only sometimes not everyday I have notice that so many students don't learn from compu for because they are not studing tests mre then @PERCENT1 stundent fail classes because of computer. First of people should be spending time with  and friends because they are teh most important people aroun ud not computers. Are still with me? Secondly friends are the most important people I ever had because they care about and love you like you're ther families but what if you just wast youre on computer how are you know all your friends. For example m allways on comput never goes to see her friemds amd her friends to to here because she never cares about their only computer do god get what im saying here. Thirdly family is also important then just being on the computer because they care about you have to at lease spend sometime with family for example many families stop spending time with each othe because computer is important to them. Lastly help you're community is goal because you make youre city look you don't want it he be massy also many people quit help with commicity servic around the neighbor for example I have see  trash on grounds and because they dont care. Finally going out doing sports and starting fit is very important. First of playing sports is far and youve health but people never play sports anymore just because computer for example @NUM2 people stop playing sports, secondly going to is very import because is good."	4	4	8
799	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, I believe that computers have a negative affect on people. Computers have caused problems where kids do not do any types of physical activity which deprives them of their daily needed exercise. Also, children spend so much time on the computer, they don't get a chance to enjoy the outdoors. Another effect computers have on kids is that @CAPS6 stops them from spending time with family and friends. I don't know how people can sit on a computer all day without moving around. First, kids don't get enough exercise because the spend too much time on a computer. We know almost everybody has a computer even I do, but @CAPS6 doesn't mean @CAPS6 has to be used @NUM1. I am a athlete and I enjoy being on the computer, but I don't use @CAPS6 every second I can. Doctors always reccomend everyone to get a least an hour of exercise everyday. Most people don't do that. They would be the kind of people who uses the computer or a different electronic a lot. That is also causing childhood obesity. If all you do is sit on the computer all day, your going to be someday. But people need to get off the computer and do something like a sport or even a game like. If you don't exercise you wont enjoy the outdoors. Second, people are not enjoying the outdoor. If somebody likes to play sports they shouldn't don't on @CAPS4 for three hours instead they invite a couple of friends to lay same basketball. Even walking home from school with a friend is a good way to be outside. People @MONTH1 think during the winter there is nothing to do. Have a snowhall fight with some friends and enjoy your selves. Nobody should feel embarrassed even if you wanted to play tag with a friend but you're @NUM2. Just get outside and do something. There are millions of things to do that isn't going on a computer. You're a kid so long that you have to enjoy your selves now before your serious with you life. Lastly when you're not outside you're not enjoying yourself with your friends or family. People are spending too much time on the computer and less with friends or family. You're not hanging out with you friend if you are chatting on @CAPS4. Is @CAPS6 so hard to tell them online ""@CAPS5 @NUM3 come @NUM3 my house."" @CAPS6 takes two seconds. Then in no time you will be hanging out with your friend. I don't understand why is @CAPS6 some embarrassing to be with your family. Mydad and I like to go and play basketball or ping pong with each other. We don't care becaue we have fun. Find something your parents like to do and see if you like @CAPS6. @CAPS6 isn't hard to say to a friend or parent, ""@CAPS5 to do something."	5	5	10
800	"Computers, a very much talked about subject. Did you know that @PERCENT1 of homes in @LOCATION1 own at least one computer. And that goes for about @PERCENT2 in @LOCATION2. Some people don't like that this is true, but on the other hand some people do. I have a computer, it can do so much, for example it can help me with writing, I can play games on it and socialize with social networking sites and ""I.M.'s"", it can even help me order a product form a website like @ORGANIZATION1, @LOCATION3, or @LOCATION4. Like I said, I have a computer and I can use it to help me write. At school in english, I would use my computer to help me with a writing prompt. I also use it to write conclusions for science labs. There are a lot of other kids that do this as well, it really is very helpful. That is only one of the reasons I think computers are beneficial to society. Another reason I think computers are beneficial to society is because you can play games on them, like ""world of warcraft"", ""@CAPS1 @CAPS2 @NUM1"", or classics like ""@CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5"". There are millions of people that play games on the computer. Also you can socialize with social networking sites, like @CAPS6 and twitter, and also because you can ""I.M."" your friends. I.M. stands for @CAPS7 messaging, and it is kind of like email except it is just about instantaneous, and so you and friend can have a conversation over the computer. Also there is video chatting, where it is kind of like a phone except you can see the person you're talking to and it is over the computer, so it is almost like you and the person you are videochatting with are meeting face to face, but your not. A third reason I feel that computers are beneficial to society is because you can order a product over the internet form shop websites. For example, I got my @CAPS8 from @LOCATION3, and also the bulb for a @CAPS9 in my house is wearing out, so my dad is going to buy a @LOCATION1 bulb on @ORGANIZATION1. It is things like this that make life that much easier for the @CAPS10 @PERSON1, because this way these people don't have to drive to the store to buy something, that is, if they can wait a week or two for the product to arrive. These are the kinds of things that make me feel that computers are beneficial to society. I know they might not be the best reasons, but they are quite important to me. Being able to type essays, play games and socialize, and order products form websites is just amazing. These are some of the reasons that I and others love computers. But I have a question for you, why do you like or dislike computers?"	5	5	10
801	"Dear fellow citizens, @CAPS1 think if you had to get a book for every question you had. That would take a long time to even get the book let alone read it. Computers have helped the modern world with questions, long distance friends, and entertainment. Computers have helped us with more then those things the @CAPS2 is sucha universal thing that its hard to come up with all of the helpful things it does. For one the @CAPS2 helps us stay in contact with our friends that are far away without talking on the phone with them. Sites like @CAPS3 and @CAPS4 allow us to communicate and/or play with them. @CAPS1 think is the only way to talk with a friend from a different place would be to pick up the phone and call them well your friendship would disappear very quickly. This would happen because no one ever usualy has the time to pick up the phone and talk to the person and do nothing else. Well when you talk to them on the @CAPS2 you can do other things. For example if I wanted to I could talk to someone and the @CAPS2 and clean my room. Further more computers allow us to play games or watch funny videos or any else that is entertaining. On the to do I when my brother would let me use the play again. I was but them I @CAPS1 went better A also play movies, @CAPS5 shows videos. If you ever miss a show to watched home of the show and watch it. This could save someone time and effort. Lastly, The computers much more efficient is looking yet things. IT is much faster then looking through the library and you don't have leave your I although people say that the @CAPS2 is taking away time from reading well it really isn't it. For everything you want you can read online or if you really want to you can have the @CAPS2 don't for you. Reading isn't a problem at all. @NUM1 of america believes that computers help greatly and how they have more time to do things is being upgraded every day and it keeps getting better and better. In conclusion I believe that computers are helping us and is not a bad thing. Computers are great for us and good for bussy people. Now go and get a @CAPS2 to."	5	5	10
802	"@ORGANIZATION1, In my point-of-view, I think that computers are positive and can give a lot of information to us humans. Even though some people say computers are sometimes used way too much, computers help the world get in touch with relatives and family from arand the world, job findings in different countries and states, and also learning about the whole world. I'm going to explain to you why I think computers are positive for humans. To start off, I would like to say that not everyones families & friends live close by to each other. They @MONTH1 live across the whole other side of the world. This is why we have webcams and chatting on computers. How could anyone expect us to see our family in friends if there is no webcam? Okay yeah we have cell phones but not everyone can afford them. People can go to their hearest library and use the computer there for free! The next reason why I say that computers are important is because when you get tired of fired from yar job, you can't just sit home and expect live in your house for free, you have @CAPS1 find another job. You can sign up for jobs right on your computer. How much easier could it get? Now you don't have to borrow your mom's car to go to the interview. Furthermore the last reason I would like to commit is that learning about the world is very important for the young and old. You don't think that every single teacher visited somewhere else and that's how they know about the world? No of course not! Teachers also use computers to look up information on a certain subject. For me I like to learn a bout crocodiles in @LOCATION1. I live in the @ORGANIZATION2. Do you really think I would go all the way of @LOCATION1 to learn about crocodiles when I can just turn the computer on and get-lost in the crocodile world? No of course not. It would be fun though to traver to @LOCATION1 to see that but I don't have that kind of money. To sum all this up, I think you can see my part of the argument. I really consider leaving computers to what they do best, helping humans. It's one of the best inventions ever made. Wouldn't you agree?"	4	4	8
803	"Dear Newspaper; I bileve that computers are good for our society. There are maney resons as to why I beleve this. One reson is that it makes life easior, it also helps us understand what is going on in our lives today. If we didn't have computers how would we talk with people without phones and spred news. Computers make life easior by maney ways. For example, if you needed a docters permition to play a sport, it would be alot easior to send him/her an email telling him/her to send you can email saying you can you can show it to the sports team and they will alow you to play. We can also lirn things about our world today by using the computer. We can go on the internet and go to a news website and look at the wether so we can make plans for the day. We can find the newest technology ""I phone"" or ""@CAPS1 "". There are some people in the world that don't but have a computer. For example, my uncle is in the airfore and the only way we can get to talk to him is through the computer because they don't alow phones. Also if there is a pirson with good news and they want tell a lot of people send an email and forward it to everyone. I hope you understand why I beleve computers are a good thing to have in new society. I have that they make life easyor. It also helps us understand our life today and it helps us talk to people around the world. I hope you agree on my topic."	4	4	8
804	"Dear Local Newspaper, I belive that computers have a negative effect on peoples lives. I belive this because who spend to much time on the computer don't get out as much as they should, don't spend enough time with their family, and the computer can't do everything. My first reason is I belive that people need to get out more. When they don't get out, they don't exersise and that is very unhealthy. Instead of watching the games or the scores they should get out and play the game. I also belive that they should enjoy nature because I feel like they are wasting the beauty of nature all around them. We wouldn't want to waste our abilities and privalges would we? Another reason is that they do not spend enough time with family. If you have family near you, then you should take advantage of that and interact with one another. You can have fun with your family by playing games. You can also have fun by just hanging out, which boost your social skills and the computer can't always do that, which brings me to my next point. The computer can't do everything, so take advantage of what you have now. Some computer time is fine, but it can be very dangerous by getting addictted to it. The computer @MONTH1 have lots of information, but there is nothing that you can't find in a book. Your computer can't love your dog, so there is a reason why we should get off the computer. There are pleanty of other things that you can do that you can't do on the computer, including sports, taking care of family, and any of your hobbys. Remember that the computer @MONTH1 be great from time to time, but it can not live your life for you. That is why I belive that we should spend less time on the computer, and more time getting out, and having fun with family, and that the the computer can't do everything."	4	4	8
805	"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 you agree that computers effect people? I think I @CAPS1 agree that computers affect people. I @CAPS1 agree with this statement because people dont get use to doing other things then stay on the computer. One example is that people that @CAPS1 stay on the computer wont have much fun on other people. They wont enjoy as much by stay on the internet. My last example is that doctors sometimes say its not good for you to stay on the the computer. First of all, people that stay on the computer wont have much fun on othe poeple. I know one of my friends love to get on the computer and stay on it for a long period of time. One idea in that there not alot to do on a computer for some people. People dont go out and have fun like going to the mall with your friends. Some people try to focused on the computer if theres something importent they have to do. Thirldy, people wont enjoy themselves. When @CAPS2 on the computer I really dont enjoy myself by just sitting there on the internet. One important fact is that you wont want to enjoy a beautiful day with your family when ther going to the beach. People will take maps for a while and not want to go back to sleep and you wont have nothing else to do for the rest of the day. Sometime you wont have a good life without enjoying it. Lastly, doctors say its not good for you to always stay on the computer. One important fact is that you always need to excersise instead of lamping around. Sometimes might happen to your eyes because your steading looking at the computer. You need to do healthy things to help your body. In conclusion, I had agree on the statement and my reasons why was because you wont have fun. You wont enjoy yourself, and doctors. Say its not good for you I hope you liked my prompt so it can go in the newspaper."	4	4	8
806	"Dear newspaper, I heard you were discussing if more and more people using computers was a benefit to society. I believe that @CAPS4 has a negative affect on people. They get to interact with people who arent safe, they spend less time exercising and they get into more trouble thean before. Spending more time, online in chat rooms causes people to meet preditors. Take my friend @PERSON5 she was online one day when a man started to talk to her. She thought he seemed acceptable when he said he was @NUM1 and a model. She flirted with him on and on, day after day until one day her friend logged on and found out the man was really @NUM2 and a pervert. @PERSON5 @CAPS1 the only on that this has happened to @NUM3 out of @NUM4 people in chat rooms say they have been lied to like this. Website designer @PERSON2 say, ""More and more people everyday are falling for lies over the @CAPS5 and getting in sticky situations like getting asked to meet the person."" @CAPS1 the saying ""@CAPS2 talk to strangers?"" Spending all your time sitting down on the computer means less time outside exercising. At triputs, this girl @PERSON4 wasnt in shape enough to stay up with the players. Instead of being our practicing like the rest of us, she was in her house talking on facebook. She wasnt prepared when @CAPS4 came, time to show what you had so she didnt make the softball team. The next year she made captain because she was out training everyday before the big day. She's not the only one with a laziness problem. @NUM5 out of every @NUM6 americans are couch potatoes and choose to go online than to stay in shape. Nutritionalist, @PERSON1 says, ""This generation is worse than the last. They complain when they cant do something but thats because instead of going outside, they're on their butts watching @CAPS3 or online."" @CAPS4's a breath of fresh air, what do you have to loose? Kids seem to get in alot more trouble online then they ever have on the streets. They're out posting threats, dissing each other, sending personal messages or pictures and worst of all sometimes hurting someone so bad they commit suicide one year. The neighbor was more popular than this lady's daughter so she created this person online that the neighbor fell for. The online ""guy"" began trashing the teenage girl so bad she ended up hanging herself. People, including singer @ORGANIZATION1 have been caught in sexting. @CAPS4's embarrasing, innappropriate and against the law yet @CAPS4 still happens. These people are not alone. @NUM3 out of @NUM4 people have gotten in big trouble through the @CAPS5. Governer, @PERSON3 says, ""@CAPS5 and phones are destroying this society. Theres too much real life drama already."" @CAPS6't you see something wrong with all of this? My opinion on @CAPS4 all is that we should use the computers less before we all start interacting with people that will scare us, become couch potatoes, and get into huge trouble. @CAPS4's really not worth the damage of getting scared, hurt, lazy, or taking your own life."	5	6	11
807	"some people learn about far away places, getting the latest up-dates on important news, and making sloppy work and hand writing seem nice neat. All those thing are some positive benefits people have computers. People all over use computers to research other places computers provide photographs of the place he/she is researching. For example: I remember when I had a social studies project on the @PERSON1, and I had to explain why its a great place to visit for its history. Mind I never even heard on a place called the @PERSON1 @PERSON1, but thanks to computers I googled ""@PERSON1 @PERSON1 @PERSON1"", then the computer gave me all of info. and photos about the mountain @CAPS1. Now I @CAPS2 where and what the @PERSON1 @PERSON1 moutans look like. Secondly, the computers has all the latest news happening all over the world. I remember when the earthquake in haiti first happened my grandmother had it happen until she got on line to check @ORGANIZATION1 and when, where and earthquake on the richter scale. about computers was a I wasn't the best hand writer in class, and could write it out or do it on the computer, plus we were getting graded on neatness, elaboration, and fluency. I choose to do it on the computer it came out nice and neat with picturs. computers has a very positive benefit on people world wide. now matter if its for info, news, or to make thing neates."	4	4	8
808	"Dear local newspaper, I am writing to you because computers are affecting humans in many ways. Some can be terrible, and others not so bad. Many average people are now staying inside all day on the computer playing games, or on facebook and other interactive websites such as twitter and @CAPS1. This crisis is interfering with school, work, or excersize. More and more people each day are not getting enough exercize or work done. We have to stop this devastating pandemic! People who are staying inside all day arn't as healthy as they were before. There immune system making the risk of getting sick greater. This can cause people in severe positions or even death. @CAPS4 you stay inside all day every day, the computer will be so addicting it will take over you and make it more important. In order to maintain healthy you have to eat right and good in riding a bike. @CAPS2 someone is inside on the computer frequently, they arn't @CAPS2 you're addicted to something like watching t.v. or playing @CAPS3, @CAPS4 you are addicted to the it can also interfere with family events, sports. @CAPS2 youre on the computer you forget about homework, grades drastically making you go to summer school, or even repeating a grade. Also @CAPS2 you don't prepare for sports it can make you not play up to your potential. This is why computers are affecting every day people. There are more reasons how people are being affected by computers, but these are the most common."	4	4	8
809	"I do not beileve that computers benefit society. Kids can learn more but they spend too much time on line. When kids talk to people on line they don't know if it is really someone you know. There are techneral problems with them that deileate files. For these reasons is why computers do not benefit society. Kids spend too much time on computers. Computers do teach you more things, but they also have games. Children spend most of their time on games than studying. Chidren can get agressive when loss of exersise. Thats what is happening today. Kids are loosing exersise an are getting hevier. They can evan loose intrest. All they want to do is go on the computer. Kids talk to people, how do they know who they really are? People can make a fake e-mail adress and make a false account on @CAPS1 or @CAPS2-space. These people want children's personal information. Also if you are talking to someone that has a name of someone you know. The person just might be a freand. Like me. I was talking to @CAPS2 cousin on @CAPS1 (the account said his name) but it was his wife. That is why you need to be carful about what you say and who it is you are really talking to. Computers have virouses. When computers get virouses, they can deilete the files you want to save. If you had a video on the news you want to keep it. Youu put it under favorates, they you get a virouse that deleites the file. The video is how off the wedsite. Sometimes your computer doesn't bring you to the wed anymore. You how have to click alot of places to get there. For these resons is why computers are not benefical to society. Kids spend to much time on computers. Kids can talk to people they don't know on them. Computers have technical problems that delete files. Just remember there are many many more resons why computers are not benefical to society."	3	4	7
810	"The effect computers have on humans is by far a positive one, and the outstanding intelligence computers provide must be embraced, not feared and avoided. Whether we like it or not, computers will be necessary to solve issues of the future. Besides, for personal usage, computers are highly beneficial. The main reason people fear computers is because of the dangers is radiates, which really isn't reasonable, when analyzed closely. To not use such a complex and developed system such as the computer is completely irrational, the computer is the future plain and simple. It is inevitable that the computer and technology related to that, paint the picture of the future of our world. Whether people like the concept or not, computers will be necessity to solve the problems and calamities that will wreak havoc on the world in time. Computers can predict natural disasters, and with that, people in the area of the catastrophe's destination can be evacuated. Lives can be saved. Computers can calculate, pollutional margins, and provide solutions to the large amount of pollution humans release in the air and @CAPS1. @ORGANIZATION1 Nature can be spared. So much more can be attained by putting the computer to full use. People must adapt to @LOCATION1 technology, or we will fall behind and watch our @CAPS1 slip away. This proves the effect computers have on people is not only positive, but necessary to advance in an ever-growing world. Stepping down to a less global level of effects and to a more personal level proves to also be beneficial to humans. Computers in most cases, do better work and create less error than humans themselves. Instead of requiring humans to work in dangerous locations such as deep water, computers can be sent down to visualize the before unattainable areas. Also, faster communication is extremely helpful in certain circumtances, such as an occurance in a workplace causing the area to be off-limits. As member of the workplace can simply e-mail his employer, informing them of the accuracy and preventing them from putting themselves in danger, or simply preventing men the trouble of a commute to work. Even from @LOCATION1 to @LOCATION2, with simply the press of ""@CAPS2"", people across the world can be of the accident. Foreign communication, specifically by means of instant messaging can strengthen our tie with other nations, in the fields of both business and government. Lastly, finding information, is so easy with a @CAPS3. Where would be without computers to find information rapidly? We would be still going to the library and checking out books, reading through page after page to find the information that would have taken less even a minute on a computer. Even a person agreed computer would have to admit that to be highly beneficial. As you can see, on even a less global level of use, the computer still proves to have a positive effect on its users. The one thing, parents especially, that fuels the negative opinion on computers is safety and reliability. When these two topics are analyzed, it is so simple to eliminate unreliability and danger of the computer. Installing a program of which there are infinite to choose from, that allows ""good"" websites to be viewed, and ""bad"" on potentially dangerous @CAPS4 to be binded. This eliminates all that is heard about on-line interactions and activity gone bad. Even without software to block dangerous websites, computers are generally safe. Only @NUM1 out of @NUM2 websites, includes content considered ""detrimental"" to humans. Also, of those @NUM2, @NUM4 provide reliable, correct information. Those two statistics annihilate the question of safety and reliability that some users come to ponder. That goes to show that the computer's negative aspects can be eliminate, leaving only the positives to remain. In conclusion, computers have a far more positive influence on users than negatives. Computers are the future, and have even proven to save lives. Why wouldn't somebody want to save the life of another? Also, the benefits of @CAPS3, or personal computers, are too large and helpful to pass up. Lastly, when viewed carefully, computers are very reliable, and can be made extremely safe, which eliminates the main fear computers. We have come so far to create such a safe, beneficial, and necessary device, we must put it to use, and by doing so, better our own lives, and the life of @ORGANIZATION1."	6	6	12
811	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 you @MONTH1 know becoming reaching not only are computers are very helpful machines. Computers supply people with online education, hand eye and creativity, and computers are one of the main To begin, computers supplied large amount of people with On the computer you can anything In fact my cousin @PERSON2, earned his degree in accounting through college @PERSON2 now has a well having job in accounting. Without the computer people would not be where they are in life right now. Not to menchion just @DATE1 I was assigned to complete a history paper on @LOCATION2. All I had to do was do around an hours amount of research on @LOCATION2's coulture and history. I recieved on a on my paper. Computer are very helpfull in helping people Which brings me to my next point, computers teach The computer has @CAPS3 different and The computer integration @PERSON1 is a stafisticated, not only be creative in your way but gives you @CAPS3 hand eye @CAPS3 people are for the creativity and they from using a computer. @DATE1 Computers have and @CAPS4 have shown, @PERCENT1 of people say the number are way to communicate without contact with @CAPS5 the the computer is not such @CAPS2, supplying with boosts creativity and hand eye coordination and is also a main way of comunication. So @LOCATION1 @CAPS6 editors, writers, and readers. Computers are helpful machines, more the mist are missing out on using a computer."	4	4	8
812	"Dear local newspaper did you know that the average person spends @NUM1 hours and @NUM2 minutes a day on the computer? This is why I think that people are spending ton much time on computers. If people spent less time on computers they would exersice more, be outdoors more and spend more time with their family and freind. If people were to spend less time out computers than they would exersize more. With the growingproblem of obesity in @ORGANIZATION2 less time on computers would help this. Tests show that the less time spent on computers the more time spent exersizing. And with @PERCENT1 of @LOCATION1 obese this world help that problem alot. I once had a freind who would allways be outside exersie and playing. Then he got a @CAPS1 acount and he started to be home on the computer all day and would never be exersizing. Less time on computers would also time outdoors. Result from a I took at my school say tahat @PERCENT2 people would go outside if they couldn't use their computer. And it more people are outside will notice how nature is and @PERSON1 says that use of the electricity in a house. So if everyone of it have a effect on if to turn off their computers they would spent more time with friend and family. that there are to freinds and family on programs like @CAPS2, @CAPS1 and it is talking face to. And you could also do like to the and you see people. use @ORGANIZATION1 but you would need and it. I would be alot easyer and less it you would get of the computer and talk to them face to face. This is why I think that people are spending to much time on their computer and it is having a effect on their life. If they were off the computer they would spend more time exersizing, more time helping the environment and more time socializing with their family and friends. So please @LOCATION1 stop using the computer all the time."	4	4	8
813	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, @CAPS4 you think that computers have a bad effect on people? I @CAPS4. People spend to much time on the @CAPS5. When they need to be working on their @CAPS5 they get distracted and start to go and @CAPS4 their own thing. Other people sit at their @CAPS5 and get mad or angry at @CAPS6. When people dont know what to @CAPS4 they just go on their @CAPS5. When working on the @CAPS5 you get distracted. I am sight, People get distracted because they see that little intenet button cont of the corner of their eye. then they just click the internet symble. Then their on the internet out doing their job. The internet is not the only distraction on a @CAPS5. The games are @CAPS10 distraction, @PERSON1, @PERSON1, and hearts are all game that came on the @CAPS5 People get mad or angry at their @CAPS5 because @CAPS6 does not enough @CAPS6 delets a they need, or @CAPS6 simply wont turn on because its dead. They blame all of this on the @CAPS5: @CAPS6 @CAPS6 does not load fast enough the person might say, ""@CAPS7 on why use you being so slow I need to get my paper for work!"" @CAPS6 the @CAPS5 delets the paper the person @MONTH1 go, ""@CAPS9 is the paper I saved @CAPS6! are you play a game on me?"" But if the poor @CAPS5 is dead and wont turn on then the person @MONTH1 go, ""why are you turning on you stupid computed"" @CAPS10, people all of their time on the @CAPS5. They are and con't find same thing to @CAPS4 they for the @CAPS5. Not the best idea I say, People in the @ORGANIZATION1 have actsets to a @CAPS5. At home, evern on their phone. the @CAPS5 in the @LOCATION1 is becoming a problem in my eyes spending to much time on the @CAPS5 can lead to be over weight because you are going on the @CAPS5 in stead of going out and hangin with your Friends. in @CAPS11 I belive that @CAPS5 have bad effect on people, They get distracted on them at work. They blame them for thing the forget to @CAPS4. They use them to much these for people can stop going to gyms and get over weight. So @CAPS4 @CAPS5 have a bad on people? yes they @CAPS4."	4	4	8
814	"To whom it @MONTH1 @CAPS1, I have recently heard about your argument on the effects that modern day computers have on society. Some people feel they have a positive effect, such as learning new information, and interacting or chatting with other people. Others feel that society is devoting to much time to computers, they feel that these people are spending less time exercising, enjoying nature, and with their family. I feel that people are devoting themselves to the computer. People think that all things on the internet are true, they're not, @PERCENT1 of all teens across the country are addicted to the computer. First, things posted on the internet are not always true. They can be posted by anyone, whether it's true or not. My friend found a website with very detailed information for an essay. She turned it in, and the teacher gave it back the following day. In big red letters it said ""false information"" @CAPS2 she had gotten the information from a book. she pobably would've gotten an ""A+"". Second, @PERCENT1 of teens living in the @LOCATION1 have become addicted to using the computer. My friend was obsessed with facebook from @NUM1 until @NUM2 she was on, daily. She began failing classes. She didn't do homework, didn't study for tests! She failed the @NUM3 grade. This all happened because she was addicted to a website. This is why I agree with the statement that experts are concerned with people spending to much time on the computer @CAPS2 you want to continue a healthy lifestyle, and avoid becoming to addicted to the computer, limit yourself. Make the smart choice."	4	4	8
815	"Dear local newspaper I've come across this letter I saw about the technology of computers and how it's affecting people lives. I think the computer is a great of learning. It’s a new way to study and do other things to learn in a fun way. My opinion is when you have to for a test, quiz or anything if can become boring. I like to study in a fun way that will to my head and I want it when is the computer to have I learn alot from the computer when im at home. my mam & dad think i spend alot @CAPS1 I do sometimes but half the time im studing test. Now i would like to the time to talk about is mentally when you go to learn. Physicly preasure or everything to You can learn different as well just log on to this has to choose them. Lastly family and friends. Family and friends are important websites like @CAPS2, facebook, aim and @CAPS3't that cool. Thats the beauty of computers and technology letting you do alot of things with only using on device. Thank you for giving me the oportunity to say my opion and what I think. I hope you take my letter and into consideration."	4	4	8
816	"Dear, @CAPS1 town. As you know it computers are a part of our lives, but is it positive or negitive? Computers can be a great thing it can show you different parts of the world and breaking news, it can deside your next vacation. It could help you talk to famile and friend. What would are lives be without them? Well are lives without computers can be bad. Computers do have negitive sides to like spending lots of maney for one all the times. It needs to be fixed. People can use the computer to much and they want exercise. That can lead to fatness. Also you can waist lots of energy to. A bad part about the internet is chat rooms, if you talk to the wrong people then you can be in trouble. Overall computers are a key part of our and they can help deside with our next @DATE1 breack trip and they can use by making us fat. "	3	3	6
817	"Dear local Newspaper, Some people say computers have negative affects on family and friend others say computers are an important aspect of society. I would have to agree with the second group of people. Computers help students research information that they @MONTH1 need for school. People can talk to there friends on things like facebook or @CAPS1 and you can write a rough draft on the computer save it then go back to it and make the final changes from a draft to a final. I will elaborate in the following three paragraphs. Computers are a quick and easy way to look up information for a school project or paper. I can understand people thinking that computers take away from family time but so would a book. A book would probably take up more time and you @MONTH1 get less information. For example the book could be about multiple people and you read the entire thing only to get two sentences of information. Another reason computer reasearch is quicker is that you can go from one page get some information and then once you have gotten all the information from that page but you still need more you can just click another link. If people didn't have computers they would have to go to the library and spend time looking them. Is it worth it to use all that time. People can talk to there friends on facebook or @CAPS1. Some people say computers distract you from friends when really they help you talk to your friends more. What if your on vacation and your so tired of seeing and talking to your family because you've been with them non stop for a week and you miss your friends. All you have to do id turn on the computer and then you have an intent link to them. Chat rooms also help you meet other people your age from the next town over on enywhere in the country. They @MONTH1 even became your new best friend. When you write a paper do you want to have to write it once then go back and write it @NUM1 more times? Theres a much simpler way it's called a computer. You can write your first draft then all you have to do inordre to get a final copy is reread it and make changes when they are nessecary. Computers also help kids spell better. All they have to do is hit a button."	5	4	9
818	"Dear @LOCATION1, I think computers are a great tool for everyone if they use it right. Here are my reasons why. First of all, I think computers are good because news travels quickly. Using the internet, world changing news can spread like wildfire and inform everyone in seconds. It is great for staying in the loop and reading about things you need to know. This reminds me of the time when a massive earth quake hit @LOCATION2 and traumatized its citizens. Within moments of the accidents, it was already circling the internet. This brought mass attention to @LOCATION2 which caused many people to donate and needed items. Secondly, the computer is also good for researching topics for school and common interest. If you need facts for a school project you can easily search what you need through the internet wide variety of search engines, you will be able to pin-point exactly what you are also look up things that interest you. If you have a favorite sports team, band, or are interested in a famous figure, you have tons of information on them at your disposal. You can do all of this within the privacy of your on home so you can remain as secret as a @ORGANIZATION1 agent. This reminds me of the time when are of my idols died. Within seconds of hearing the tragic news I was able to search the topic and get an endless uphoria of information regarding his death. Finally, you can chat with someone from around the world if you wanted to! Using social networking sites like facebook and myspace, you can connect with your friends and chat with them for hours on end. You can also enter chatrooms with people who share a common interest with you. Just like how I talk to people about a band we both love. I believe access to news, research, and staying in touch with your friends is without a doubt the best reasons to use a computer. What are you waiting for? Get one!"	5	4	9
819	"Dear local newspaper, I think your wrong!!. I totally disagree with this letter. People need computers to do research. Also helps us keep in contact with others. Another thing is @CAPS1 can get anything needed. First, @CAPS1 need computer. @CAPS1 need computer to help us with research. Instead of picking up a book you can go online. It's faster and easier. Also, You can look up information on any place or any project and it will help you. Thats the graet thing the @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 has any information. Next, The @CAPS2 @CAPS3 web is also used for keeping in contact. For example, instant messaging. Also you can chat on @CAPS5 or @CAPS6. You can even go in chat room. But just keep in mind know who you're talking to because it might be a stranger. Anyways you can use the internet @CAPS7 an easy way to talk to people or to ""keep in contact"". Lastly, @CAPS7 you know the internet is used for research and talking but also for getting anything you want. You can go online and get pictures, games, videos, music or even directions to a place. Also the internet is used to just have fun. I use it mostly for ypoutube, @CAPS5, and for googling pictures. You can look up basicly any thing on line and it will most likely be there for you. In conclusion, the web is used for researching. Also for chatting. Finally for basicly anything you want it for. That is why @CAPS1 should have internet because you can still go online but have fun outside to. But maybe people should cutback a little on @CAPS8.V. Now do you see why I chose this side? Maybe in the future there will be a way to go on the computer but be active to."	4	4	8
820	"Do you like computers? Do you use the internet to help you? Do you use it every day? Well @CAPS1 not this article gives you information about all of this. First, alot of people don't like computers because they say ther're to confusing. Actually computers are'nt that hard to work you just have to be patient and take some time to get used to it. Also, computers can make things easier like typing. why should you right @CAPS1 you have the option to use a computer which lets you write faster than you could on normal paper. Secondly the internet is very easier then books. All you have to do is go to @ORGANIZATION1 any other search engine type what your looking for in and in a split second you have all the information in the world on that topic. Also @CAPS1 your planing a vacation the internet can help. You can purchase plane tickets online and sometimes there are special discounts doing the web. Also, you can back hotels and look at live pictures with more than just . So when you back a vacation on the internet you know it will be a good one. Finally, you can purchase anything with a click of a button. Almost every website has discounts. I remeber the time when I bought @MONEY1 shoes @MONEY2 online. Also it usually ships to your house in a couple of days . Lastly going on it alot isn't bad. I go oh the computer almost every day but also go outside too. I can do this because at night when one one can go outside I go on the computer for school or for fun. Also, you can talk to your friends or family over the internet. What @CAPS1 your mom or dad wnet on a @NUM1 weeks buisiness trip. You could use your webcam and talk to them and see than like @CAPS1 you were in the same room. So is going on the computer really so bad? I don't think so @CAPS1 it is that helpful and easy to work with."	4	5	9
821	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, The age of the computer is upon us. Every where you go, you will see people with laptops or other portable computer devices. While some people dislike the world's large usage of the computer, I happen to disagree, I feel that the computer is a great @CAPS5 to put out and find information. I also feel that it is good @CAPS5 for people to communicate with ther family and friends who live far away. Lastly, I think that computers provide us with fun activities, entertainment, and a @CAPS5 to relax. What do you do when you want to know what the capital of @LOCATION3 is? You either go break out the old atlas, or, with a simple click of a button on the computer, discover that the capital is @LOCATION4. My point is that with computers, finding information is fast and easy. Also, with computers you can share information as well as receive it. Lets say that you are not a doctor but have discovered a cure for the common cold by using iteams find in everyone's households. What do you do? Well, you could go to the media and do interview after confrence after interview, or, you could simply post it on the @CAPS1. It is plain to see that the computer in an important not in the process of exchanging information. ""I'm sorry @PERSON2, but we can't fly out to @LOCATION1 to see @CAPS2 @PERSON1. We don't have enough money."" I think that everyone has heard a variation of that line at least once. But here comes the computer to the rescue! With computers @CAPS2 @PERSON1 over in @LOCATION2 level is just a click (and or screen) away. By using webcams, you can speak with someone across the world without having to worry about the expensive costs of flights! No webcam? No problem! You can send someone very far away a message through e-mail or instant messaging. Say ""bye"" to expensive phre rides, long phone bills, or years going by seeing a loved one. Computers are,not just tools that are used strictly for, computers can be used for purposes as weel. In other words, computers can be used for fun! How exactly does the make computers have a creative on society? I'll tell you how. Many @CAPS4 are workaholics, also known as people who warr @CAPS5 to much. After a long day of signing papers and fiddling with a budget, wouldn't it be nice to just sit down and play some solitare? Thats possible with a computer, and you don't even need a deck of cards! Computers are full of fun games, like solitare and chess. These games are a great @CAPS5 to help people relax, and trust me, everyone needs relaxation. Having some downtime can really help someone to be a healthier and happier person! Aren't computers great? They can let us to exchange information talk to family and friendss across the globe(without a big pore tag), and they provide us with entertainment. So everyone out there could does not like the effect of the computers have on the public, please reconsider. Computers really are a helpful, fun, and useful tool to society."	4	5	9
822	"To @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @ORGANIZATION1, Computers are a benefit to our society. These computers are an advantage to our learning and knowledge. By using computers students can get there work done quicker and more efisent. While typing your report on the computer you might spell a word wrong well every computers has spell check. Also you @ORGANIZATION1 need to look up a word because you don't know the deffinition all you have to do si go to @LOCATION1 and type in the word and automatically you have the deffinition. You @ORGANIZATION1 have been given a book report so you can go online and copy and paste @CAPS2 do @CAPS2 no @CAPS2 want let you but @CAPS2 you had a piece of paper and your pen you could write @CAPS2 down. A computer has made the life of a school student so much easier. You @ORGANIZATION1 need a job but cant stand, walk, talk well you could get a job working on a computer. Computers allowed more jobs to be made and replaced. Without a computer how would teachers get mail sent to them without wasting paper. Sure a computer uses electrisity but paper wastes trees. Anyway you think about @CAPS2 the computer is a good thing to invest in. Going to college not everyone has enough time in a day to drive to school, well with your computer you can go to school right online. So if you don't have money to by a back pack you don't need one your mates stay right where you left them. So a computer is a good invention. @CAPS2 has made life quicker, eco friendly and even has saved trees. On the brightside @CAPS2 has even produced many jobs. Last minute things can even be online. Each computer bought has given someone else a new expense."	4	4	8
823	"Dear editors of the @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 morning, my sister wakes me up to go to school. She uses her cell phone to set an alarm. A few years ago, my mom would come in and tell us it was time to get up. Now, we have one small device that we carry around with us to do our work. Most everyone has cellphone now, and it does much more than allow people to talk to one another from two different places. Now we can play games, go on the. These advances in the technology are making us very selfish. I, for one, do not approve. For starters, all of these new and improved gadgets are time consuming. With all the things to do in the world, we could all be doing something helpful, fun, or productive. Don't you agree? I mean, if you consider the idea that we all could be hitting the gym or studying for school tests and quizzes, then most teenagers would be in much better shape, physicly, and mentaly, @CAPS2. @PERSON1, my aunt an former physisist, said. The rate at which most students and kids grow increasingly more obese, @CAPS3 because of these new ideas involving phones and i-pods are completely sickening. The more time we spend using these items, the more we oppose the idea of being active? You can clearly see how we are growing less energetic, and much more careless of our time. Furthermore, the advances in today's society are pushing on the boundries at internet safety. Sure, people might claim that they can block out other people, but sometimes when someone posts something on the web, they don't always hide it well enough. They could have blackmailed one of your friend into commiting a crime, right? That happened to one of my cousins, @CAPS3 last year. The police took a long time to find her after she had been kidnapped, because the person who kidnapped her hid the evidence by a chain of blackmails. Do you see how important it is to spend less time on these silly computers? It sucks us into a virtual world that is sometimes 'bloody' or 'war-like? My brother learned swearing from the new & advanced game of @CAPS5. It's a fighting game (@CAPS6!) I implore your company to make the righty decision and write to help pull us off of our butts and get us up and going strong again. I hope you take my advice, and i thank you for your extremely valuable time and effort."	5	5	10
824	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 I believe that there is more and more controvosy about computer and whether they benefit society or not. In my opinion, computers are a wonderful resource that will soon become a household item. I am writing to persuade you that computers have a positive effect on people. I believe computers are a good thing because they allow people access to more knowledge, they allow people to stay in contact with people they dont see very often, and they allow people to keep up and know whats going on in modern life. One reason computers are useful is that they allow people to stay in contact with people they don't see very often. Today, parents don't mind sending their children off to college as much because they can actually see them using video chat websites like @ORGANIZATION1. This feature on computers has a big impact on the life of people today. People in @LOCATION1 can talk with people in @LOCATION2. This type of often allows for people to share new and inventive things they've discovered. Another reason computers can be useful is because they help people keep in touch with modern life. Many companies are now erasing newspaper ads and putting them all on computer websites. Some companies are only selling items on their websites and shipping them to the buyers. With computers students can also get their homework done and send it to their teacher by email if they cannot make it to school that day. There is even at home colleges now where you take your class online. I believe that in a few years from now more and more people will do business with computers and more stores will sell online only. Finally the last reason I believe computers are a good idea is that they allow people access to more knowledge with the internet. There are websites soldy devoted to history and information on many things. Also there are blogging websites where people can debate on information or get questions answired by real people who @MONTH1 know a lot about the topic. Another thing on computers that helps you get informed is websites like wikipedia where people can search a topic, read history about it, and follow links to other websites if they want to pick apart the topic even more. Overall, I believe that computers area a great resource to human kind and will be used for more and more things in a few years. I believe computers are useful because they allow people access to more knowledge, the ability to keep in touch with others, and to keep in touch with modern life. I believe that in a couple years there will be liss stores on the streets and most will be online because it is much cheaper for the companies. So, most people in a couple years will be computers and use them effectively."	4	5	9
825	"Dear editor, @TIME1 week, I noticed an article in the paper headlined ""@CAPS1 off the computer and go exercise."" This caught me off gaurd because there are many benefits to computers, such as it enchances education, you can learn about foreign countries, and you can talk to other people. Every school has a computer. Their easy access and very helpful. I know that @TIME1 year, if someone asked a question and the teacher wasn't sure of it, we would go strait to the computer. It also helps us do better on projects. I know I had to do a project @TIME1, and without the computer I wouldn't have it today. We also use the computers for the programs they have. In art, we made a cartoon, and made it look real with photoshop. It's also easy and fast to use a computer for research. You can also learn ahead far away places with a computer. For example, you can find out about other countries in the world. You could find out if it were landlocked, not landlocked, how many people live there, and facts similar to those. You can also learn the history about the country such as their leaders and government. Finally, you can also learn up-to-the minute-facts with websites like @CAPS2.com. Lastly, you can talk with other people using email, instant messaging, and websites like facebook, which allows you to connect with friends. With email, you talk with someone for buisness for to recieves links to @CAPS1 to websites, and to @CAPS1 information. Instant messaging is just like texting on your phone, except much faster. You can instantly talk to people and catch up with them. Thousands of people are on facebook. You can connect with old friends, and talk to current ones. I knkow my mom uses facebook and talks to old friends since she moved. So, in my opinion, I think computers are a good thing to have. Not only do they enhance your education, but they also teach us foreighn countries history and let us connect to old friends. When you were in school, do you remember your ""best-friend-for-life?"" @CAPS3, with facebook you can catch up with them, instead of them being a memory."	5	4	9
826	"The computer is a good way to contact family and friend. People send messages all over the world or just to fon. People like playing video games or be on websites that they like. People all over the world by laptops to travel to one place to another. Everybody don't be on computer because they think its not go to have but some people do like to have one to be sending messages to hang out with one another or be talking about how was your day. Many people want computer because they do have enough money to @CAPS2 one. Some computers cost a lot @MONEY1 money like, @MONEY3, or @MONEY2 and even more than @MONEY3, or @MONEY2 it depend witch one they get. Around the world many people sell their computers to get money to @CAPS2 different stuff like, shoes, clothes or games. They always sell stuff on ebay to get less or more money, instead they can't take the computer back to get your money or to get a new computer. People want the classic computers, but now they come out with new ones like, touch screen ones. Many people been buying them at @CAPS1 @CAPS2 or @ORGANIZATION1. Every seens the new computers came out people been buying a lot the company been making a lot @MONEY1 money from making the touch screen computers. Every new year the company make new computers so they can get thousands or @MONEY1. Company all over world make different computers to bring out new styles so people can like them and @CAPS2 them. New styles they make more money they make. Some people make their own companies to get money like the other companys get theirs, but some @MONEY1 the money you make some goes to the government. The money the give to the government is to take care @MONEY1 the homeless people. Computers are used from leaning or for fun. People share computers with other people they can't not share it because it wouldn't be fair. Some people take turne using it. Some people don't like taking turn with one another. Everybody share or have they own and they use it or not they can't force their server to it if somebody wants to net on it. Some people lie and say they were geting on it. People like joking around with others. Parents always say a computer is not a tag to play with computers cost a lot to repair and get it fixed all the people spill water on them a the computer mess up and the people be mad and maybe he/she just got a new computer. When computer first came out people bought them to see what they will be like. Many people liked them and it got all over the world and people were talking about them and the company made more and more until it got in stores all over the world. The computer got famase and the company made newer styles for everyone else. People bought a lot @MONEY1 computers everytime they come out with a new style. Many people had @NUM1, or @NUM2 at home as they @CAPS2 them. Companys made other company mad because the other companys were making better styles. People were ordering online to get new computers. And company how make them is making a lot @MONEY1 money. Company stopped making them until they came up with a new computer that is the @CAPS1 one ever. When they came up with one the company was mad that they mad a better one. Some company joined to make one together."	4	4	8
827	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, The computer has been a resource we have been using for years and gives you information and pictures but that doesn't mean people have to be on it all the time. People can talk some times with other people or go on the webcam to see a loved one who's in iraq but the need to go outside to exercise just to take a walk around the block. They don't even need to leave the house all the time just excercise to a tape or get a tredmill. Thats all people need to do instead sitting on thier butts all day move around. People becoming obease has risen because of lack of excercise so grab your shoes and go jog a couple blocks in your niehbor hood just do little things and you will feel much better than you were on your computer. Nature is all around us but most people don't noice because their on the computers. Which needs to end now these beautiful land marks across the world are being wasted because hardly any ones looking at them. Go to @LOCATION1, @LOCATION2, even @CAPS1 and get some fresh clean air thats not from your home you can go to the park to just look at the birds just see something without a screen on it. So go got your camera and go some where with wild life and have fun. Just doing these things will help your health, energy and your mind. You can go on the computer and chat with friends but not all the time. Do you want to be unhealthy in life if not go outside and take a walk."	4	3	7
828	"Dear editor of local newspaper, @CAPS1 you know that the average person spends three or more hours each day on the computer? The time taken up by staring at a blank screen can be spent helping the community, exercising, or simply having fun with others. All this valuable time is wasted because of computers, spending large sums of time on a computer lessens your time with family and friends, causes health concerns, and alternately @MONTH1 became addictive. First of all, computers @MONTH1 prevent you from spending time your family and friends. Often people come home from work or school just wanting to relax, so the seek comfort from the web. However, a more relaxing activity could be playing a game with your family or going out with your friends. After all, nobody lasts forever and your time with once everyday. This precious time is taken away by computer technology, which will last longer than any human and doesn't even provide comfort when someone is down. For example, a teenager would be on the computer who is making fun of them. This does not benefit the and the bullying could lead to depression deceded with her family or friends, they could probably share a few and make everyone feel good, @CAPS2, time spent on the computer is less spent with family and perends. Secondly, computers can bad for your health, at a the eyes, and people with trouble seeing. typing a lot way the need for spending more time on the computer gives you learn time for examples and often temple you if someone finds a website they really like, they will quite went to visit it often, perhaps even multiple times a day! Along with websites, @CAPS3 games and networks are also very popular and addictive. Computer addiction can lead to health problems (as talled about before) and withdrawal symptons when you try to stop. It's very important that people stop spending a lot of time on the computer to make sure an addiction is prevented before it can even start. In conclusion, computer technology is hurting the human race and could be preventing greater things to be happening in individual's lives. There is less time to do things with your loved ones, more negative impacts on your a rising number of computer addicts because of our modern technology. However, all there, could be prevented if people simply spent less time on the computer."	6	5	11
829	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 a student of the local middle school technology is utilized to the fullest. Computers have helped us write essays more efficiently & complete research assignments. However, personally I feel that this constant usage of computers has a negative impact on people. Firstly, computers hinder interpersonal connections. @CAPS4, @ORGANIZATION1 help keep in touch with old college buddies', but no computer can replace face-to-face communication. From hard, cold text, one cannot decipher subtle connotations or wit. Bot, people are beginning to replace seeing one another with @CAPS3 networking. With the technological revolution came games like @ORGANIZATION2. These games are addicting, @CAPS4, our society mocks ""nerds"" for spending too much time playing these trivial games, but it really is a serious issue. For example, in a recent study done by @ORGANIZATION3 students, ""@NUM1 out of @NUM2 teenagers who play computer games do not get the recommended amount of daily exercise."" This is because these games are so absorbing. The amount of time put into gaming. Ultimately consumes all free time. This is dangerous, because a gaming addiction can lead to delusion, @CAPS3 inadequency, obesity. @CAPS2 a people, we are quickly learning that what was once so genius, is actually dangerous. If one was to stare at a backlit screen for hours on and, their eyesight would definitely start to deteriorate. Loss of eyesight is just one of the negative impacts computers have in our health. @CAPS2 aforementioned, obesity is issue. Now, couple this with bad eyesight, @CAPS5 @CAPS6 deficiency & a negative outlook & you've got yourself a issue. All of the deseases brought on by computers can be just by less time on the computer, & exercises. Naturally, @CAPS2 a specie we were not to spend so much time in a fixed position. This static state is a new phenomena that is aquiring major health problems. The over usage of computers practionally, robs us of our time, destroys our health, & hinders our @CAPS3 interactions. This makes computers a negative influence on people & their health."	5	5	10
830	"Dear @CAPS1, I believe that computers are one of the most useful things that we can have. First, computers are good for communicating. Students @MONTH1 contact teachers through email if they have a question about an assignment. Computers also are useful for teaching. People use the @CAPS2 everyday to get information on their favorite sports teams or on a new recipe they saw on television. Finally, computers help us get work done easier. Student and employees use @ORGANIZATION1 for everything from writing a paper to creating a presentation. Futhermore, computers are extremely essential to our everyday life because they help us communicate, learn and finish work. Every year, thousands of students go to college, and thousands of families move away from each other. Computers are one way of communicating to @CAPS8 loved ones in far away places. Parents send messages via email to their children at college. Families speak with each other through @CAPS3. Computers are what makes all this possible. Not only can we use computers to make contact with our families,but we can also use them to speak with our teachers. Whenever a student is sick, but wants to get their homework finished, they look on their teacher's website. Here, all the homework for the class is listed. Also, if a student has a paper due the @DATE1, but their printer is broken, they @MONTH1 email the paper to the teacher. This allows the student to get full credit for their work. Email is not onlyuseful for handing in projects, but also for asking questions about the assignments. If a student has a question about an assignment, he or she can ask a friend or the teacher. Then, the student will be able to successfully complete the project. Computers are one of the most useful ways of making contact today, but communication is not the computer's only purpose. The average person goes on the @CAPS2 ten times a @DATE1 just to get information. Computers provide a pletvera of knowledge for people's use. Search engines like @ORGANIZATION3 or yahoo provide answers in less than one second. This is much faster than going in the library and spending an hour looking it up. Website text is not the anything that provides information far eager learners @CAPS5 also provide pictures to further the persons understanding about a topic. For example, if a person is living in the @LOCATION1, and has lived there all their life, but is reading an article on a website about an animal native to @LOCATION2, they would not know how to picture it in their head. Articles and books @MONTH1 provide a description, nut nothing really gives the person a solid picture. The person could go online and search for a picture, which they will surely find. Finally, computers keep the brain active. While searching on a website, a person could piece together information from different sites to create a better picture, and, therefore, have a more complete and thorough understanding. In order to do this, however, a person's brain must constantly working. This helps develop skills later on such as problem solving. Overall, computers are one of the most useful and common of the learning devices. Many people say that computers are useful. They agree this by saying that work gets done so much easier and faster on a computer. on average, computers complete work fifty times more efficiently than people do by hand. This is because of programs such as @CAPS6, @CAPS7, and @ORGANIZATION2 @ORGANIZATION2 @CAPS8 programs allow people to cerrect spelling and grammatical mistakes while at the same time creating a neat looking presentation. Studies show that @PERCENT1 of people with bad spelling or grammatical habits corrected @CAPS8 mistakes quickly through @ORGANIZATION2 and @CAPS6. If people constantly make grammatical or spelling errors, then having them underlined in @CAPS6 will show them that this is not the correct way to punctuate or spell something in a sentence."	4	6	10
831	"Dear editor: @CAPS1 you know that @PERCENT1 of people in the @LOCATION2 have comuters? These computers are definatley benefitting society. People need computers to get updated on important issues, contact others and learn new information. Computers are neccisary for everyday life. It's very important that news gets around, and one way for it to do that is by computers. Average people like me and you need to know the weather, global issues and many other important topics. If you use the computer to get updated on important issues you will be able to acess the information right away. For example there is no need to wait for the weather to come on the television when you can find out the weather for your local area withen seconds. Just recently there was an earthquake in @LOCATION1 and million of civilians died. if a natural disaster was to happen somewhere in @CAPS2 people would need to know and computers are a great way to make sure everyone is updated. Not only does the computer help us get important updates on global issues but it is also a great way to contact people. My relatives live very far away and we can't afford the long distance phone call charge and so we e-mail them. @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people contact far away friends and family by e-mail! The computer is also a great place for friends to contact each other through social networking sites, such as @CAPS3, @CAPS4 and @CAPS5. People need to interact with other people and the internet is a fantastic place to do that. Finally computers can also be used to learn new information. If children need to find inforamtion for a project or essay the can easily search the internet and find an answer. Kids need to acess the information that is neccisary for school on the internet. Computers are useful for adults as well. If adults want to learn something new all they have to to is search it on the computer. It's so much easier than going out to the library and finding that information in a book. @CAPS1 you know that most adults use an online dictionary to find the definition to a word? Computers can find every answer to your questions. In conclusion, computer are really benefitting society. Computers can update you on important issues, help you contact people, and find out new informatiuon. These avandces in technology are good for human society."	4	5	9
832	"Dear @CAPS1 Newspaper, @CAPS2 when you were a kid? There weren't any computers or other electronics except the telephone. The computer is very advanced and helps people in many different ways, such as: hand-eye cordination, learning and being able to talk online. These things benefit society and prove the advancement in technology. The computer teaches hand-eye cordination when people don't even realize @CAPS5, through typing whether typing an email or an essay your hands are working and helping you. The hand-eye cordination that people learn on a computer can be used for sports. @PERSON3, a @NUM1 years old tennis player, said, ""I used to go on the computer everyday and play tennis later, and eventually the computer helped use with my favorite sport."" Hand-eye cordination is very useful, for many things our surveyed @NUM2 people and @NUM3 of these people say that hand-eye cordination is a very important still and that everyday activities, such as computers, help them improve. Typing is very comonly used while sending emails because they are fast, fun, and let you comunicate. When talking on a computer there are many new ways that are popular and fast, such as email welcoms aim, facebook and many more. @CAPS5 is nice to be able to talk to friends and family online because other options are more expensive. For example, many live on @LOCATION1 and her sister, @PERSON4, she is very close to, lives in @LOCATION3. They can't talk to each other a lot because neither of their calling plans allow them to call without charging hundreds of more money. They also can't fly to use each other because plane tickets are expensive these days. Also, the economy isn't doing that great, so they couldn't stay in-touch until webcams come out. Now, they see each other almost every week. Many said, ""I was considering flying to @LOCATION3, but now the webcams and email are useful and save us both a lot of money."" People @MONTH1 argue that you can just sent letters to each other, but, you can't send your baby boys first steps that you just video taped, or a youtube video that is really cute. Also, you can meet new people online that you @MONTH1 not've seen normally and when you can stay in touch, you can stay much closer to each other. Even though computers are great for fun, working and learning are much easier online. When online, everything that can be learned is amazing whether @CAPS5's what means or the earthquake in @LOCATION4. Being able to keep track of everything in one computer is amazing. @PERSON2, a @NUM4 @CAPS3 teacher at @LOCATION2, says, ""@CAPS4, we are trying to make more things electronic to protect the planet, so use don't waste paper and will trees."" @CAPS5 is true, about @PERCENT1 of the homework of @NUM5 graders is online, whether @CAPS5 is to look up the equation for photosynthesis on to find out what year @CAPS6 died in being online does help the environment @CAPS5 is important to be able to have computers in schools because @CAPS5 gives more chances for kids to learn more things faster, like @NUM6 graders have a math class online, off hey math. @CAPS5 gives people more information coming from more people. Online, you can read a scientists' expierement or a paparatzi's take on @PERSON1' new boyfriend. The computer has changed society a lot, for the better. Now, in the @DATE1, computers are part of the everyday lives of people in which they benefit. With better hand-eye cordination, being able to talk your friends, and being able to learn the computer benefits society."	5	6	11
833	"Dear editor, Have you ever stopped and asked yourself which was more important? Of course I can be talking about anything, but what about computers verses family, friends, nature, your own health etc. Well, I ask myself that quite often, and I feel that it's so much more worth it to be with family and friends than to be infront of a computer. There is so much more that I can tell you, and just after my very first reason how could there even be another side to it? Why is it that now these days kids can't simply run out to the bus stop without feeling totally winded? I feel it's because they are not getting enough well needed exercise! For example, instead of sitting infront of the computer, kids, and even adults can enjoy going to the gym. Also, children can get more involved with school sports so they can not only be participating in sports, but they can be involed with school too! Lastly, just by going for a short walk with your dog, your not only walking and getting well needed exercise, your bonding with your loyal friend. Have you ever been gazing out the car window when you just found yourself being sucked into all the beauty that nature has to offer? Well, if you have I guess you could never have too much, but if you haven't, its probably because your spending way too much time on the computer! There are so many different ways that people could learn to appreshiate nature more, such as sitting on a park bench in the @TIME1, while absorbing the fresh air and sunlight. Or you could go for a slow, realaxing bike ride through a trail with a constant cool breeze, brushing your face with every of your wheels. Finally, you could pick a warm day to sit out on the beach, and listen to some music, next to the salty ocean. How could you resist those temptations? Lastly, I believe that family is the most important thing to missing out on! Without family and friends you miss out on so many good ethics and experiences. You lose out on having good lifetime realationships, and how could you turn dow the offer to be with the people you love? In conclusion, I feel that computer are taking away most of the things that no one deserves to live without. I mean, how could anyone live without family, friends, the beauty of nature, and your own health? That is why everyone should make the right desition to take reasponcible charge of their life, and the same question, which is more important?"	5	5	10
834	"Dear, @ORGANIZATION1, I think computers do have a positive affect on people but I don't think because of computers is the reason people don't exercise or enjoy nature. People make their own choices in life. The computer is just there. If somebody chooses to be on the computer instead of spending time with their family well thats their choice and problem not the computers. Me for example I love working and playing on the computer. Even though I'm on the computer I still do things like talk to my family, I play basketball, and I chill with my homies. Now thats my choice to do all of that. I can easily just sit up in my room and be on the computer all the time. It's nothing wrong with doing that because that is my choice in life. Nobody should be able to tell you to get off the computer because that is your choice in life. If you want to be on the computer instead of going outside thats your choice. Only you know what is best for you."	3	4	7
835	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 posission on the computer contraversy issue is that computers are good and so vital in todays everyday world. Computers are a good way to communicat, they are most people main source of info and buisnesses use computers for various importanat task as well. Computers are a great way to comunicate. You can @CAPS2 with your friends, email your peers and now there are website you can go on where you can talk to your friends or a stranger. Being human I do sometimes forget @CAPS1 homework or school asignments. In that situation I would just go on @CAPS1 computer and @CAPS2 a friend asking them for the assignment. Its quick easy and it works. There are also websites where you can talk and connect with other people who share the same interests as you. Its a good way to make an online friends. The computer goes beyond just allowing you to talk enables you to connect with people no matter where you are. Do you ever have a question that you instantly want or the to? Just go to ""google"" or ""@CAPS4"", tpye in your question and recieve an immediatly. AHve a reaserch paper due on @PERSON1? You can do all of your reaserch online. There are thousands of website loaded with information can anything and evrything. Youc an enter yout topic a search engine and find hundreds of sources that way. You can easily fine information any subject you want, or find the name of that song you just heard on the using your computer. COmputer are used in buisness environment too. Computers are used for getting messages to different people in the. They are also used to create and presernt presentations marketing campains and now product ideas, also many companies use the internet as a source of advertiring and need the bublicity to sell their. So the computer is necessary for to function as well. So in conclusion computers are not over used, they are just used for so many things that at some point every one will nead one. They are a good way to communicate, an important and main source of info and they are also used in buisness environments too."	4	5	9
836	"To whom it @MONTH1 concern: I will agree that computers have caused many people to spend less time outside. However, it has kept kids inside instead @ORGANIZATION2 on the streets causing trouble. Computers have become a part @ORGANIZATION2 our everyday life. Some use it to stay connected with family or to reconnect with old friends. Experts say it's bad but the @ORGANIZATION2 gives us a computer class in @ORGANIZATION1? We learn keyboarding skills. @ORGANIZATION3 techniques and how to research any topic. @ORGANIZATION1, itself has influenced computer use. If we could travel back in time, we would most likely see kids hanging around the streets. Now-a-days, kids spend a lot @ORGANIZATION2 time inside, on the computers. This isn't necessarily a bad thing. I bet you, or your parents, or maybe even your grandparents used to hear @ORGANIZATION2 gangs or fights going on in the streets. Now that computers have become an important item in many people's lives you don't hear those types @ORGANIZATION2 things as much. I'm not saying they don't happen but you don't hear your child come home and talk about gangs and fights. Therefore, being on the computer isn't that bad. In history you probably learned about immigrants coming over to @LOCATION1 to get away from their ruler. Well, not everyone was able to come. Some people have family in another country. Due to time difference, it is hard to stay in touch. My mother came over here when she was @NUM1. The rest @ORGANIZATION2 her family still lives in @LOCATION2. To stay in touch they email or @CAPS1 chat. The five hour time difference makes it difficult to know when to call. The invention @ORGANIZATION2 computers has made it easier to catch up with family! Most importantly, the use @ORGANIZATION2 computers is influenced in schools. My @ORGANIZATION1, @ORGANIZATION1, has a computer class, where we learn how to skillfully type. We are also taught how to correctly cite and research work. This is helpful because if we don't know this information we could plagiarize and plagiarism is illegal. Frequently, teachers give us projects that ask for computer use.. Either we have to look something up for specific, accurate information or we have to type a @ORGANIZATION3 document. As well as using the the online @CAPS2 book instead @ORGANIZATION2 taking it home. After reading all the facts, I'm sure you will agree that computers can benefit society. Students stay off the streets and only cause trouble with siblings at home. People won't feel like they've left or lost their family. Schools influence computer use to help us learn. Certainly you cannot disagree with me!"	5	5	10
837	"Proven by @PERSON2 the best @CAPS1 major over @PERCENT1 of children either have desktops, laptops, or some type of internet access. What so you think about this? Well I the computers are takeing up people time (like children) and not letting them get their work done. Also, computer are not only letting people talk to their friend, but its causing @CAPS5 bullying. Finally, @CAPS1 are also just maken parents more stressed out because the have to pay another bill for internet. Children now and days come home change and log right into the computer and start talking to friends and lisening to music all this sounds good intell their report cards come back and they see they are failing half there classes. I remember when my friend @CAPS3 would go home change eat and log right inside the computer. As days went around the end or the year was she noticed she had two problems. She was getting over weight and she was failing all her classes. She noticed that getting on the computer was not neccesary so for the next mouth and a half she cut down on her time on the @CAPS1 did her homework and started this pushed me to beleave that children have @CAPS1. Proven by @PERSON3 the syber bully that over @PERCENT2 of children have bin syber bullyed or @CAPS5 bulllied someone. All this happen when children are not being watched or get bored and to pick on someone. What should we do people ask @PERSON1 and she says well take away the @CAPS1. I remember when I read about the year old girl on new channels.com and it was about @CAPS5 bullied but never. This shows that children all over the world can be getting syber bullied of any moment."	4	5	9
838	"The topic that is on many minds in our country is, ""Are computers beneficial, or harmful to our students?"" @CAPS1 have evolved from dosktop computers, and before that, type writers, but have they gone too far? While the blank screen of a computer @MONTH1 distract some, the benefits defin out weigh the bads in a situation like this. Being able to have faster research, easier communicating and computers in wartime are great capabilitys of the modern computer. Also, due to advancement in technology, computers are very helpful because they help @LOCATION4 with our daily lifes. Many doubts about the computer exist, but the computer can surpass all of them. In a time crunch situation like college or high school, speed is everything. Computers allow students to research faster, and with more accuracy by being able to search for key words. Before, students would have to do the painstaking process of searching in books. More times than not, they wouldn't find what they were looking for, but with the modern age, students can get the information they need fast. Also, having computers in the classroom helps so that teachers can get the info they need for an upcoming class. If speed is what you need, then you will look for a computer. Besides speed, computers also give you another great thing, communication. With emails, @CAPS2's, @CAPS3, @CAPS4, and blogs, knowing what your friends are doing later is just a click away! This is much easier than calling the person. Also having this access to friends can help when one moves away. If you miss a long lost friend or cousin, just search their name, and you can talk to them! Having friends so close by you can really make every life great. Out in @LOCATION3 or @LOCATION1, solgiers rely on computers for valueable information; such as radar, or robots. Having computers do the ""dirty work"" can help in times of war, and can save valuable lives. Not having these computers would mean certain death for some people in the @LOCATION4 armed forces. Computers some times take the place of humans in things such as @ORGANIZATION1's, or unmaned airieal vehical and some many lifes too. Weather it be facebook or bombings, computers help in a vital way. It was @DATE1 and @PERSON1's communist regime was ruling new @LOCATION2. One man stood in front of a tank, resisting to move, showing courage and wanting a democracy. Fortuneatly, this was all caught on film. How was it broadcasted to the world? Using the computer, and internet. Today many people are able to learn about that due to computers. In many ways computers help @LOCATION4 with our daily lives and for most of @LOCATION4, without them, we would be lost."	6	5	11
839	"Do Computers benfit the society? Yes, computers benefit the society. Computers give kids so much knowledge about things they would not be able to do or go in real life. Another thing is computers give kids a positive ego or entertainment. Also computers let other kids interact with each other like facebook, or @CAPS1. There are many good details why computers are good for the society. First, when most kids dont know an answer to question they can go on google to fing the answer. Which helps in most cases. Also when on google, or any ""@CAPS2 @CAPS3"" it gives kids the chance to @CAPS2 anything and most likly get arreasonable answer. Kids can @CAPS2 up facts about other countries, famous people, and even types of pets! Another benefit of having computers is most kids on the internet go to have fun or entertain themselves, which could lead to a positive ego or better self-convidence. Just because kids arent going outside to have fun, doesnt mean they cant have fun inside either. Third, parents or any gauriden always talk about there kids or would like to see them with friends. Well having thing such as facebook and @CAPS1 or @CAPS5 you can make new friend around the town or even other @CAPS6. The internet can do all of those things. Finally do computers benefits society? Yes computers do benefits society, they can give you alot of knowledge, make new friends and to just let kids be kids. As you can see computers do benefit the society."	4	4	8
840	"Dear @CAPS1, Everyone love computers right? Those computers can help us with anything. They also give people facts about faraway places. And not only that but if you have someone that live's away, you can chat with them online! What would this world be with no computers. First of all, I would like to talk about how computer can help us with anything. Computers can give us picture of places, you can watch videos, and even see movies for free! Also you can check the weather, and if going to an airport you can check the flight time or if it has been canceled or not. There is just so many things that the computer can help us with! Now, it can also give you facts opinions, pictures, videos, and movies about faraway places. Like one time I was going to @LOCATION1 to visit but there was a terrible storm over there so the flight was canceled and I went on the computer and checked and it told me that it was canceled. Also if you somewhere faraway you can watch videos about that place. They also have maps to guide you through the way. And not only that but you can also check the highway for traffic so you wouldn't be stuck there. Wow imagine living without a computer! Third of all, if you can chat online with your friends or family! If you miss someone or you just want to talk there is websites that let you do that. Like @CAPS2, @CAPS3, and @CAPS4! And you also see the person if you attach a camera to you computer, it's called video-chatting. And you can do this anyone, anywhere, at any time! In conclusion, all of this can only be done with a computer. Helping you with anything. Giving people facts about faraway places. And, you can talk online. There's many more but for you to know that you'll need to go to the store and get yourself a computer!"	5	4	9
841	My opinion on the effects computer have on people. A good effect that computer have on people that it teaches them how to have good hand-eye coordination @CAPS1 if they work as a doctor on anything that needs it that would help them do better in their jobs. Another reason why computers have good effects on people it let them chat with their famile memebers case if your family went to a whole new countries for a trip then you beable to see how there doing and it's like there. Another one would be that you could learn about another states and countries around the world.  It tell you how many people like there and what type of culture they have when it found probably now when I want to learn about texas I look up information on it and tell me when it was found the capital and how many people live there. Another good thing that you could play games with your friends like all types shooting games racing sport arcade all type.	3	3	6
842	"In the world we live in now, everything is getting technilogical. In my own opinion, its a good thing. Using computers has been very helpful to our society. They give people the opportunity to research things fast and easily, they save trees, and they're a wonderful way to communicate with people. First, computers are great to use for research instead of books that waste tree. A few years ago, kids would get a school project on a certain country and the thing that would came to mind is the library. But, nowadays it's computers. Sure, of course books are very helpful, but so is the internet, plus its much faster and easier to find to find the information you're boking for. You can learn about a place before visiting it with a click of a button and learn about places far away. It really is magical. Next, using computers saves trees. With a computer we don't have to keep cutting down so many trees for books and paper. Another can now sell their books online and people are able to read them right. Honestly, there really is no reason to keep making books. Even students can do their home work, test and quizzes online! I think it's a mirical and it's so amazing to see how much our world has changed in only about @NUM1 years. Finally, computers are great to communicate with people far away. Some people have family in the war who they don't see for months or maybe years. With a computer you can get emails that get deliveres to the person right after being sent. Or you can even webcam and actually see the person face to face! It must be hard not being able to see your loved ones everyday, which is why a computer is very helpful. Even to those who have a family member away on a business trip or that live in another state/country. Computers are very helpful, especially today with everything going on in our world. With computers we can online research, save trees, and communicate with people far away. So, in my opinion computers do benefit society."	4	4	8
843	"Dear Local Newspaper, Computers are used everyday by millions of people. I believe that the technology of computers have a positive effect on people. I think computers have a positive effect on people because people use them for research. People use computers to communicate with people far away. Computers are even used as a news resource. In my opinion, computers make things easier. Computers have a positive effect on people because they are very helpful. You can use computers to research different things. @CAPS1 you have a computer, you can learn new things about places you never knew existed. For example, @CAPS1 you have a homework assignment, you don't have to use a book to get information, you can just use your computer. So, for those reasons, I think computers have a positive effect on people. Computers are always being used for several things. However I think people used computers the most for communication. On a computer you can communicate with friends and family members that live in other states. Instead of sending letters to people by mail, now a days people use e-mails and instant message. You can talk to people faster this way and it's much easier. Computers have a positive effect on people. It's makes some things in life much easier. I don't understand why they would have a negative effect on people. It's the year @DATE1, and computers are used for basically everything. Remember how we used to have to read the newspaper to find out about breaking news and important things? Well, since we have computers a lot of people don't read newspaper. On the computer you can read the whole newspaper, and even find out more about things that happen in our world. So what's the point of even reading the newspaper, @CAPS1 you have a computer? I believe computers have a positive effect on people's life because you can do anything on the computer. You can research information, commmunicate with people, and use it as news resource. Doesn't that make lif a lot easier? So why do some people think computers have a negative effect on people?"	4	4	8
844	"Dear @CAPS1, many people say that computers can have an bad effect on people. I came to disagree computers make our lives so much easier. We can talk to people that we have not seen in a while, we can read/see other places we thought we would never know about; And insted of having to hand write that book we can typr it up. I find these are resons that show that computers don't have a bad effect on people. Imagin you are on facebook and you type in your best friend from high schools name she pops up and you a on net. The next day she is on happy you are connected. Thats she kind of thing that happens everday people reconnect, this not only happens on facebook, not all over the internet! Reconecting with friends and family, talking to your boss on next door you can even send a picture of your new born baby to your mother who lives in @CAPS2. Having computers really allows us to reconect to these we have lost. Other are very inportant. But what if we know nothing about other cultures then what would life be like with computers we can instantly learn about other unlike having to go to the ad you have to do is type in the place and pick the size you want to look at all with using computers. @LOCATION1 ago people would have to write our everthing word by word letter by letter. Not with computers. So dont worry that @NUM1 page paper, you can just type it and with some softwear, you can even your paper edited right on the spot. This is great for not only school, children but adult to. That dissnes proposle can be done quickly and easily with computers. Many people say that computers can have a bad effect on people. But with advancing technology site gets easier, and the gives more time other things. There is no bad effect of computers. The effects is just helpful ness."	4	4	8
845	"Dear Local Newspaper, I'm writing to you because I believe that people in the @LOCATION1 over use computers these days. I think that instead of home on your lazy and playing farmville and pets on facebook you should get out more. I think that you should @CAPS8 the gym and work out you should @CAPS8 out to the park or have family fun night with your kids (@CAPS1 you have any) The last thing I think you should @CAPS7 is @CAPS8 have a little ""@CAPS2"" time for example take your self somewere nice (you'll about time in a second) @DATE1 all you've done is sit home playing farmville and other games and what not you probably get really fastly and you eating right? well @CAPS1 @CAPS3.... boy you gained some pounds of the @DATE1 and you look you need to get your self to a gym. from sitting on your while on the @CAPS9 every day you any calories or fat @CAPS3 when you eat all your doing is gaining weight. and @CAPS4 you probably don't want to. @CAPS7 you have a family? Well @CAPS1 you @CAPS7 I think that taking a family trip to the park would be fun or going to @ORGANIZATION1 would be a fun way @CAPS3 you can get your hands off those keys and your head with your kids. Also you should make other nightfamily fun night and play games and hang out with family on family fun night you can play characles or a board game. (as long as you don't have a in your house) The last my favorite one is ""@CAPS4"" Time. During ""@CAPS4"" Time you can take your self shopping out to lunch/dinner you even take a map the whole point of ""@CAPS4"" Time is that You @CAPS7 NOT @CAPS8 ON THE @CAPS9!! you need to relax and just take a brake. Well those are my suggestions to you. @CAPS3 now its your turn to jump on out of virtual world and put your head back in reality."	4	4	8
846	"Dear @CAPS1, In my own opinion, computers do not have a positive effect on people. Online, you can go on any website and talk to people. Most of the time, you @MONTH1 not even know who it is your speaking with. Plus not all information you @MONTH1 find is true. Computers also take time away from doing something productive, like playing outside. In the next few pragraphs, I'll show you my point. First off, online websites have many different ways to contact people (chat rooms, blogs, email etc.) @CAPS2, do you really know if the people you're talking to are who they say they are? Back then, it was rare someone got caught when trying to kidnap a child by pretending to be someone online; @CAPS3 a days more and more people are getting caught. You @MONTH1 think this won't happen to your child, but my friend was being stalked online by someone what they haven't caught. We never thought something like that would happen, @CAPS2 it did. Also, once it's online it never goes away. So watch what you put online, there is always some way to find what you had posted even once deleted. Plus not every bit of information found online is ture. I professionals say that @PERCENT1 of kids have researched a project online then used a print source and found that information to be false. On websites like wikipedia any one has the ability to change what is written on the page. Most websites @PERCENT2 give the ability for anyone to do so. Also post and pictures on the internet @MONTH1 not always be appropriate. There's certain criteria we keep children from seeing for a reson. Lastly, computers keep you from doing anything productive. It @MONTH1 teach hand-eye coordination however it does not keep you fit and healthy. Already, @PERCENT3 of @CAPS4 alone are over weight and that's alot of people. Dr. @DR1 says that online games keep kids from getting much needed exsersize and fresh air, that every growing child needs. In conclusion the internet keeps children from going outside to play. Also, not everything found is what is true or right. Lastly, not everyone you find is the person they portray themselves. This is why I think that comperters aren't positive in society."	5	5	10
847	"@ORGANIZATION1, The use of computer per family has increased greatly in the past @NUM1 years. In that same time people are getting fatter and they need more exercise. If you use the computer it might break or not work properly. Computers are a big waste in time and a bigger waste in money. In the past @NUM1 years many people @MONTH1 have gained a lot of weight. They do not do regular activities like going to the supermarket because you can shop online. Studies show that if you go to the supermarket or a store you are likely to be less fat then if you shop on line. Another reason why computers dont give you exerise is because of google. If you wanted to see a picture of a beautiful mountain you could just go to google and type it in. It is a much easier way to see sights but if you walk you could burn up to @NUM3 times as much calories then if you just look it up on google. Another reason why computers dont give you exercise is you can get addicted to a game. Lets say that you have basketball practice at @NUM1:00pm. If you go on the computer at @NUM5 then you could easily get addicted to a game and forget you have practice. You would be stuck on your computer mindlessly typeing a way on a computer game that doesnt help you anywere in life. When you dont go to practice you will not sweat and therefore gain extra weight. Scients say that if you actully play a sport you can lose weight by up to @PERCENT1 then if you didnt. Before there computers life was simpole, no student forgot there homework. But now they use there computer many things can go wrong. First the printer can break. @CAPS1 year my printer stoped working @NUM1 times so I could not do my homework. My teacher said that forgetting my homework affectde my grade by over @PERCENT2. Another reason why handwriting is more convienet is you are capable of doing writing during school @CAPS1 year with my teacher @PERSON1 i had to write a prompt. She told me to go to the computer lab and type it but all the computers were taken. When I got down stairs she told me I had to write it so I got a @NUM7 because she could not read what I wrote. Every other kid got a @NUM8 or above but since I was not use to writing it affected my grade. Another reason why computers are inconvienet is when you need to do research. My parent got rid of our books a wile ago because of computers. So one day when I was home alone I had to reasearch euthonzing dogs on the computer but there was a power outage. I could not do my @ORGANIZATION1 events for science so I got a @NUM9 on it. That grade brought my adverage down form an a+ to an a-. The only reason why I got a bad grade because I depended on the computer for reasearch and it let me down. If I had better hand writing I would have gotten a better grade. The final reason why computers do not benifit society is because they are a waste of money. Most computers caust up to @MONEY1 for the computer and installing. There is no need for them because everything computers have a library can give. The library has books so you can reasearch with books insted of computers. In my house all @NUM7 people in my family has a computer but @NUM11 of the computers are used once a week. They are extreamly expensive and there is no need for them. Also my dad works at a computer store and he says that the computer people are overcharging by @PERCENT3. With that extra @MONEY2 you could buy many books and magisnes insted of a computer. That is why computers are not useful. People are not getting exercise, so the gain @PERCENT1 more weight. It is much less convienent then writing by hand. Finally they are a major waste of money. The decads without computers were much more useful and everyone lived happpier."	5	5	10
848	"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 on a beautiful sunny day, people inside on their computers instead of enjoying the weather. This is what could happen if people are using them. I believe that computers have a bad effect on people because their communication skills will drop, people won't get enough exercise & their health can be imnarred. As i mentioned, everyone who is using a computer on a daily basis, will drop their communication skills.. People enter chat rooms not knowing who they are talking to. For example, if i logged onto & chat room, someone might ask for personal information such as where you live, your phone number & your name. This could lead to things such as kidnaping & even rape. Also, interactions with family members & friends @MONTH1 decrease. You can be playing a computer game, online, or going on youtube to watch random videos of people. You tube in said to be a dangerous site for younger children. Kids could go under history to go to a website they were recently on when click the wrong one bringing them inapropiate website. Finally, teenagers and adults go onto facebook & twitter. Some @MONTH1 say these sites @MONTH1 change the social interactions, but it really isn't. Kids & adults are constantly getting addicted to it. Also telling people what you are doing every moments of your day everyday is kind of unreal. People don't need to know when you do things in your day i have keep up this our communication skills are sure to decrease. Secondly, exersice is a problem. Doctors say that @PERCENT1 of their parents are obeise or over weight according to @ORGANIZATION1. Kid just sit at home & play computer games such as sims @NUM1 & video chat with their friends instead of hanging out with them. No one really goes for walks any more either. Also, people don't go out & enjoy nature like the you. @PERSON1, a state @LOCATION1 from @LOCATION1 in @LOCATION2 said, ""each year the number of people are getting fewer & fewer. Preety soon all parks are going to have to get closed down."" @CAPS2 don't want this to happen, do you? I know i would not. Our generations are just becoming more technology enhanced. Finally, more & more people are becomeing unhealthy. A person's eye sight is most likely to drop if they are on the computer everyday. My aunt is required to use her computer everyday at work. She went to her eye doctor because her vision was become weaker. One of the first questions he aske was, do you use a computer on a daily basis? she answered yes. He said she would need cataraks eye surgery. This was all in result of using a computer. Finally, you could get althritis in your hands & fingers from typing & using the mouse all the time. Many people at the age of fourty are probaly going to need hand surgeries from all the work the do, likes! As you can see technology is harming your communication skills, exersice & you health. I bet you don't want your future generations like this. So take a part & contact your local newspaper today."	5	5	10
849	"Dear @PERSON1, I am writing a letter to discuss the fact that computers have a negitive effect on the average american, here are my reasons people are not spending much time outside, lack of exersize, do not interact with their family as much. Not spending much time can have a big effect on mother nature. Such as they will begin to care less about our wonderful earth and not care to pollute because if they took the time to go outside instead of running the air conditioner they can save the money and go be with their friends. Lack of exersize can be very bad for your health. Sitting down all day on the computer is not exersize its lazyness. When you exersize you feel good about yourself, your adreniline starts going, you can stay fit and you wan't have to worry about being unhealthy if you take yourself away from the computer. When you do not interact with your family and instead of eating dinner together one persons on the computer and the others are waching @CAPS1. You might argue with your family a lot and don't you want to have a healthy relationship. So why don't you encourage your family to sit down at the table and discuss how your day went. I stated my reasons why I think computers have a negative effect on people. I hope that you agree with my reasons so we can find a way to get everyone their computers and get active."	4	4	8
850	"Dear local newspaper: I strongly feel that computer technology has a neagtive affect on the people of our society. People of our society are spending to much time on computers, and not enough time exersizing and interacting with family and friends. By starting now we can make a difference in the lives of thousands. First off I would like to say that it is imporitive that we exersize daily. If we don't fit exersizing into our day to day schedual, we are potentally putting our health on the line. Activities such as taking a dog for a walk, riding a bike, or taking a nice jog through the park are just a few ways to help your physical fitness. Also taking part in extracuricular activities can play a major part in exersize. This not only helps physically, but it helps mentally too. Finnally another method of exersizing is to play a part in your local community service projects. Exersizing every day is just one way to keep you active and off the computer. Lastly, interacting with family and friends can help you stay off the computer. Playing games is one way that can help you stay connected with your family. This can bring you closer to the people you love, and help them get to know you a little better. Furthermore you can play with your friends, and in the process develops social skills. Who knows developing social skills could help you in the future. Plus, by interacting with family and friends you can learn to be relaxed and let your life take its natural source. This is another helpful technique that can improve the quality of your life and keep you from the temptation of being on the computer. In conclusion techniques like exersizing and interacting with family and friends can help you stay off the computer. By working together and trying these methods, the computer can be eliminated from our daily rutines."	4	5	9
851	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I think Computers have a bad effect on people for three reasons. One they can really hurt your eyes, two it is not safe if you have little kids in your house. Finaully three you will never see your family or friends if your on the computer. The first reason was computers have a bad effect on people is it can really hurt your eyes. If your always stareing at a computer screen all the time you can go blind. And with you having bad eyes you can get serious head injures just from hurting your eyes. The second reason why computers have a bad affects on people it is not safe if you have little kids in your home. Like you can be watching adult movie that little kids are'nt aged enough to see if can have a bad effect And it has a bad effect on people because you will have no and if you have a little kid in your house he will always be in and he will probaly hear something really, really kid like music, @CAPS3 if you have a kid house The reason was computers have bad effects on people is that if your always on a computer you will never see your family and @CAPS3 if you are always on the computers you will miss out on the And will never you never see and don't @CAPS3 a rent on on the computers. @CAPS3 what you look And keep the little kid with you in the house. And last get off the computer and go see your family and friends. "	4	4	8
852	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 the world forty years ago. People would need to travel to visit a library to research, every document, doctors notes, and building plan would have to be written by hand or on an old typewriter. Life would have been much more difficult. Today, computers allow us to communicate with one another, access the millions of websites on the internet and help with school work. Almost everyday, my mon and dad receive friend requests from long lost school friends as well as relatives and current friends. Today's computers allow the world to talk to one another and know what is going on. My dad always says "" @CAPS2 makes the world go round."" With the social networking sites, everyone is receiving tons of @CAPS2 about one another. Another way to communicate is by video chat. All @CAPS3 computers are equipped with a video camera and you can buy one if you have a @CAPS4. This will let you see the person's face are talking to. I have heard many amazing stories about this. One is about a soldier in @LOCATION1 and his present wife back home. The doctors set up a computer equipped with video chat in the operating room and the soldier was, in a way, in two places at once. The man got to see his newborn baby and his wife. Computers can do amazing things! Another reason computers are great is their accessability to the internet. There is this cool website called @CAPS5.Dcotors.Com. If you have an illness or a symtom to something, all you have to do is type it in on the home page and it will list all the possible reasons or outcomes. It also tells you how to treat it and where to find the medicine. If we looked back in time, one would need to travel to a doctor and pay to have your problem checked out. Also computers help out immensely with school work and homework. Many teachers nowadays request or demand students to type their asignments because it is easy to read, and it is easier to correct. I also find it faster to type then print. Say that you need to research the periodic table and write down @NUM1 facts as well as all the elements. There are probably hundreds if not thousands of websites on this subject. All you need to do is type it in on google. You can also add an image by copy and pasting; which will inhance your work. Computers have helped students and teachers. Lastyly, computers (and tehn keyboards) are helping people with hand - eye coordination. Many schools are offering typing classes to try and help students. I recently searched this topic on the internet and it showed a study done by @PERSON1 and @PERSON2 that people who practice typing at least @NUM2 minutes a day, will experience increased hand-eye coordination to @PERCENT1 better. This increase would help many, people with low coordination. Today, computers are helping the world in many ways. From communication, to internet accessability, then to helping hand-eye coordination. The world would change for the worse if computers were abandoned. "	6	5	11
853	"@ORGANIZATION1, "@CAPS1 not advance in technology?" asks four year old @PERSON2. There are countless reasons, people are spending way too much time on the technology we have already such as the computer. @CAPS9 of wasting time on this device, people arent excersicing, enjoying nature, and spending quality time with their friends and family. When you are on the computer for one hour, how many calories do you think you're burning? According to a study done at @ORGANIZATION2, one of the best colleges in the world, you're only burning @NUM1 calories. To maintain a healthy weight, you must burn at least @NUM1,000 calories a day! The average citizen in @LOCATION2, @LOCATION1 spends @NUM3 hours on the computer so that's @NUM4 calories. Even if they did aerobic excersize for the rest of the day, they couldn't burn enough calories @CAPS9 you can only burn @NUM5 calories an hour at the average aerobics class. If people can't maintain a healthy weight, they became obese, if they are obese they can get heart attacks, and if they have a heart attack, they could die! @PERCENT2 of the obese population in the @LOCATION4 die from a heart attack. With out a doubt, computers are like poison, if you use it, you'll get sick - but if you use to much, you'll die. Imagine - birds chirping up in the trees, deer sipping water out of a nice cold pond. In the distance, a fox playfully chases a butterfly. If you are in @PERCENT2 of @CAPS2 who have actually seen something like this with your own eyes you're lucky. "@CAPS3 fellow @CAPS2, I painfully state this fact. The rainforest in @LOCATION3 is being cutdown as we speak. This is @CAPS9 the @CAPS5 never go out and smell fresh air & see how beautiful the rainforest really is. We must stop them!" pleads former @CAPS6 @PERSON3 in an internationally televised speach. Too bad only @NUM6 out of every @NUM7 @CAPS2 could relate to kid message. @PERCENT3 of @CAPS2 have never gone out into nature. @CAPS9 of this, people are saying who cares about nature & the rain forest? "@CAPS9 of this, the rainforest is mercilessly being destroyed and animals are loosing their homes. When a pool was given to the @PERCENT3 of people who don't ever go outside to ejoy nature @PERCENT1 of them responded that it was @CAPS9 they are too busy spending time on the computer. The computer is a monster - it's killing our planet." I love @CAPS3 mommy. I @CAPS10 her everyday before dinner," sadly states eight year old, @PERSON1. Using computers kills time that could be spent with your loved ones, even if you are communicating with them on the computer. A @NUM5 year old cancer patient, @ORGANIZATION3 was on his death bed what he wished that he could change about his life, he answerd, "I wish that I didn't use the computers as much I got to know @CAPS3 family & friends better! @ORGANIZATION3 died lates that day. Do you want to carry around that heavy of a burden with you until your death? No, you don't. In a drug rehab the @ORGANIZATION4 asked the patients @CAPS1 they started drugs in the first in the first place, @PERCENT4 answered that it was @CAPS9 they didn't feel love by their families. After they answered, they were asked @CAPS1 they didn't feel love, @PERCENT5 of them answered @CAPS9 the people that they love were to busy on the computers. Unless you want to put one of your love ones' in the hospital do not use the computers. Obviously, computers are aweful technological devices. Yes, they do help with coordination, but would you rather be fast, not enjoy family & nature, but be able to catch a ball or be healthy, loved, and loving?"	6	6	12
854	"Hour after hour of gaming online and posting blogs on social networking sights is all one sees. Unaware at there surroundings, many people zone to their computer screens and only break @CAPS4 absolutely necessary. That is not what the world should become but that is what is society is creating. Computers do not create positive benefits to society. Because of all the time spent on the computer, people's bodies are taking the negative effects. There is also less and less face-to-face interactions with family and friends. Another huge issue is cyber bulling. These are all problems that should be addressed. With all the time spend on a computer in a stuffy, dark room, how will our bodies be maintained properly? Exercise is a key ingriedient to healthy living. It is like trying to make bread without flour, without that necessity the bread will not rise its full potential. It is the same with the health and functions at our bodies. Exercise must be took part in to burn fat and calories, but it is also needed to build and maintain muscles. In fact, muscles start it is recommended to get in at least one hour of exercise of outside play a days. Not many succeed with this goal, which brings up another negative effect to the body. @CAPS2 @CAPS1 helps to maintain strong bones. To get the recommended dose of @CAPS2 @CAPS1 a day you only need to absorb @NUM1 minutes of sunlight a day. It doesn't seem like a lot but @PERCENT1 of our population is not outside to recieve it. Instead, they are inside on their computers. Parties, lunch breaks, or even a family dinner are great times to socialize. But, what if one day you decided you were going to skip your lunch break with friends and instead spend time posting a daily blog. This is social time lost. If this habit continues you might soon see yourself drifting away from your friends because you don't make the time to spend lunch break with them. Even @CAPS4 a child interactions @CAPS4 chatting with friends on @CAPS5 or @CAPS6, anything could be said. Children wont learn at a young age how to think on there fact language. This will effect their later years @CAPS4 interviewing for things such as colleges or even jobs. Social skills are the difference between success and failure. Spending life on a computer is equivalent to being a caterpillar in their while at least attempting to be an extreme will turn you @CAPS7 and @CAPS7 are all created with the ominous cyberbulling. One simple way to prevent this is spending less time in the computer. The effects of cyber bulling can be brutal. A recent study showed that @PERCENT2 of kids would rather be bullied in face then over the internet. The reason being a of cruelty is displayed through cyberbulling over the internet because it takes much less courage to type something up then it for a bully to say something to them victims face. Such cyberbulling has even led to suicides. In fact, a girl in committed suicide due to cyber bulling just @NUM2 weeks ago. If you don't have In conclusion, computers produce more negative effect on society than good. A lack of exercise and proper body maintenance results. Reduced social interacting and skills also result. And maybe most importantly cyberbulling which takes lives occurs. In prevent society from turning into a social waste and felled with the glow of computer screens, lets all turn the monitor and get outside with nature and all its benefits."	6	6	12
855	"Dear The @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I belive that computers offer a lot more pros than they do cons. Computers offer another way to learn things about the world. Computers @MONTH1 also act as a research, tool. If a child, or anyone @CAPS3 on the computer and a family member thinks it @CAPS3 an unreasonable amount of time, that sounds like it @CAPS3 just an issue between the person and his or her family. Many people @MONTH1 argue and say, ""look in the encyclipedea to learn about the world, ""but a computer @CAPS3 faster, easier more time efficient to use. In fact, most people in the newest generation of families probably don't have an encylipea set. For example, if I were to want to learn more about @LOCATION1, @CAPS4 of searching in a dictionary or encyclipea, I could go on the computer, type in @LOCATION1 and a whole slew of liks and opportunities are found. Some people @MONTH1 like the old ways, but personally. I like the freedom and easiness of a computer. Have you ever had to research for a project or report? Many people either in school or in the work field will most likely need to research something to get a better understanding. Yes, a dictionary @CAPS3 helpful. Yes a thesauris @CAPS3 helpful but there are separate things. Compared to a computer those classic research tools are still usefull, but could be a hassle. My point @CAPS3 a computer has a dictionary thesauris, encyclipedea...ect all in @NUM1! So next time you have to research something try reaching for the keyboard @CAPS4 of the bookshelf! To me, the problem of someone being on the computer too much sounds more like a Family problem than a social problem. Technology has changed our world! Ever since computers were invented not only have they downsized, but became more and more useful. The computer has opened more doors for our scociety, without computers, space travel for example would not be the normality it seems to be in this generation. All im trying to say @CAPS3, I don't think computers hurt our society, but are pretty much the building blocks for our world. While reading this paper I hope you noticed the pros of having computers in this world. A computer @CAPS3 a help learning tool, the king of all reaserch tools and a big part of our society today.If you could learn one thing from reading this paper, I would want you to think, ""@CAPS5 would we, as a world be without computers?"""	5	5	10
856	"Dear @CAPS1, I disagree with those who support advances in technology, the people who think that computers have a positive effect on people. Would you rather spend your time on the computer rotting like a vegetable or would you rather hang out with your firned, travel to other places that you never thought possive or even go to a gym and probably loose some pounds? I vote hanging out with my friends! You know people that like to travel to far away places and have fun would rather that than waste their time on a computer. As much as people like to look at all the cool places that they check out on the internet; what's the point in just sitting their and watching the screen when you could get a plane ticket and fly to the magical place that you saw on the computer. Ok. I know that traveling to faraway places can be scary because you never been to area in your life, but @CAPS3's worth the try. Ok fine if flying is not your thing then why not thy exercising. @MONTH1 be you have been trying to lose some extra pounds. You could always try that. Think about @CAPS3, my mother was using her so that she could fit into a size @NUM1 and now look she is in a size @NUM1. Why bore yourself to death with computers that will probably give you the wrong advise when you could always ask a friend for advise. Yes a friend a live and breathing human being, losing some weight will help you gain confidence if you just try. @CAPS3's just like @PERSON1, from @CAPS2 lower said, you got to want @CAPS3 if you want to accomplish that goal of yours. Everyone can go for that goal! Maybe you dont want to exercise, maybe you want to hang out with your friends and family. If you waste your time online chatting, how are you oing to chat with the people that are eight in front of you. If you can talk online then you can probably talk to people in real life? Right? Wrong! Some people can and some people cant. I am a very talk person, but I know how to talk on line if. I wanted to so why cant you? That's @CAPS3 the time has come t decide. Do you want to spend your time on or computer or do you want to spend your time in the real world. Get out your chair, turn off the computer get up. Put your wat on and walk outside and do something with yourself. Use you mouth not your hand. Talk to people comunicate with them @CAPS3 is not that hard. Trust me. If I can do @CAPS3 you can do @CAPS3 too! @CAPS3's now or never I choose now and so should you. Dont waste anymore time, go on a trip take a hangout. Just do @CAPS3. Dont run back to that computer. Throw @CAPS3 out you can live without @CAPS3."	5	5	10
857	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 you think people should stop going on the computer? Well, yes because they are not getting exercise. People's body start to get lazy and don't want to get up. They are not spending time with the family instead they would like to spend their free time on the @CAPS3. This is my people should stop being lazy and have some fresh air. @CAPS2 you people who spend time on the computer interact with their family? Well, no, because they think they will get entertain by technology instead of their family. The reason I don't like compter so much because you get hook on so fast you can't stop. When you interact will family you get to know them better and that is priceless. This is why it should stop because it damage peoples minds. Another reasons I would like you to hear is less time exercising. When people don't exercise you will @CAPS2 anything to their body. They start to eat too much and later they become very lazy. When you exercise you have tons of energy to @CAPS2 anything. Like bunge jump. When you excerise you look healthy and people will notive. This why excerise is the best healthy and always fit. In addition, my third reason I would like you to read is enjoying nature. Enjoying nature you can have a good time and relax. You can swim in the beach, feel the amazing breeze, and have a good time. When you are on the computer you are sitting down instead going outside and that because a habit. It will be hurting are environment because people don't want to get up to enjoy nature. This is why it should not be tollerated because people are being lazy. In conclusion, the reason why people should not spend their life on computer because they think they will be entertain by technology instead of interacting will their family. People will start eating too much and so they will become lazy. People will never leave the house and instead they are on their computer. This is why it should stop it hurting are environment people are becoming lazy."	4	4	8
858	"Dear Local @CAPS1, I have been infromed that people don't get to talk to friends/family, enjoy nature and exercise because of computers. Well computers benefit our life. The first thing about/ computers is communication. People can use @CAPS2, @CAPS3, @CAPS4 and etc. The social networking groups are for abilities to talk to friends, long distance or close and family enjoy research. Just because @CAPS11 use those internet websites doesn't mean @CAPS11 can't go outside and enjoy activities. This leads to other objects called peortables. As technology advances so does our skills. Every year more electronics are made and most likely are portable such as @CAPS5, @CAPS6 phones, @CAPS7, and etc. Many of these companies let us take these devices to allow as to do everyday things. With @ORGANIZATION1 creater of the @CAPS8 @CAPS11 can use this internet/music @CAPS9 for everything. for example, I visit my grandparents and I decied to my @CAPS6 phone. I can talk to friends on my @CAPS6 phone by texting and visit my grandparents. More of this opplies to and @CAPS5 @CAPS11 still all go outside and enjoy life. exercise is something @CAPS11 should yet to. If you stay cramed in your house @CAPS12 fun. @CAPS11 need to cheer up and go outside and play sports. @CAPS11 could get included in and join activity. @CAPS11 also can have videos online to show us how to exercise or use yoga. Most of use portables which goes back to my last paragraph. Exercise is big and @CAPS11 all should do it. What I'm trying to say here @CAPS11 can use computers and electronics and exercise with fun one in all. If you understand experts can agree and kids could be healthier and still communicate."	4	4	8
859	I think computers have a postitive affect on people. Computers are very important to society. You can still interact with Your Family and friends either in @CAPS1 chat or @CAPS2. Computer are also helpful for applying for @CAPS3 like you can look for @CAPS3 you like. You can do @CAPS5 exciseses and useful for @CAPS5 essays. If you have a laptop you can bring it anywhere you want you don't have connect anything it take wireless and you can connect to the @CAPS6. You can look up stuff on the @CAPS6 for your homework and other stuff. Buy things without having to go to the store. These are reasons why computers have a postitive affect on people.	3	3	6
860	"Dear @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 The purpose of this letter is about how computers have changed our lives for the better. They have improved our society. Changed our way of life and have made things easier. I am a firm beliver that computer were one of the greatest invention of all time. Computers have had a very vital and positive impact on society. For example, education has vastly expanded since the computer. Both teachers and students have benefited. Students can now search the intrenet and learn about different places, things in history, how to read and write bette, etc. Also computers have been a major part in entertainment. From reading online news to watching movies and listening to music computers entertain all of us. And computers help us connect with friends and even meet new people. Aside from that computers make life easier. People can get degrees from learning online learn another. Research as also easier than is to computers you can just about anything than to computers. Some people say computers stop people acting with family but infact facebook you can still. Computer have also ourlives. From helping small buiness thrive by making it easier to make and recieve orders to help spread information globaly computers make this all possible. As I have shown computers have benefited society and have had a positive effect on human beings from educating individuals to staying in touch with relitives, computers have made their mark on improving the way we live. I hope this letter will help show you that computers are a necesary part of the twenty first century."	4	4	8
861	"Dear @CAPS1 of the @LOCATION1, @CAPS2, a majority of the @ORGANIZATION1 population will use any type of computer at least once a day. Our society has been around computers so often that some peole will find it hard to even live without them. Computers have become something that people depend on. This, however, is something to take as a concern. when people are dependent on computers too much, they loose valuble skills that the once possesed and they spend less time, outside exercising while also loossing touch with famly and friends. It has become near that computers have become along part of peoples lives. Computers posses the ability to do certain human tasks that seem hard for us to do. Before the computer age, it was a lot more difficult to find information on a topic or place. We used to have to use encyclopedias or find books on those topics. Sometimes we would even have to travel to a place and learn about it. Today, however, people use technology to find this information. You @MONTH1 be thinking, "" @CAPS3, how is this a bad thing?"". The reason it is a problem is because people have begun to loose the ability to use books like encylopedias and atleses or even simmple maps. Once, most of the population could use these tools to help find their way through information or a place. I know from experienc, that I can barley look at a map and find where I am. We have become too dependent on @CAPS4's and computers, which in turn makes us forget valuble information. What would happen if someone got lost and they didn't have a working @CAPS4 or signal on their phones. They would get lost and not know how to read a map. As you can see the human population has because too dependent on computers. Additionally, people all around the world have become addicted to the internet. Facebook, @CAPS6 and even @CAPS7 baseball have become an addicting activity that people consume all of their time with. When people begin to spend hte majority of their time on these websites, they will in turn get less excersise, and become more distant from family and friends. Mostly teenagers have this problem. If you took a survay of the number of students who have a facebook account or @CAPS6, you would probably get the majority. Having an account like this is said to be addicting. Students, parents and everyone in between will find troubles later on because of this. America is one of the leading nations with obesity. Has anyone stopped to think that maybe people spend too much time on these websites to get any excersise? If the internet wasn't such a big thing it is now, I bet you there would be less overweight people. but not only do people become overweight, they will end up more and more distant from family and friends. My own sister spends so much time on her laptop that my parents had to take it away. Once, the only way for us to really talk to her through facebook. As you can see, computers can be a dangerous thing. think of all the people who you know that spend multiple hours on the computer. You can probably thnks of quiet a few. Computers are an addicting thing that can cause less excersising and less communication which is proven to support a healthy life style. Also when people use computers too much, they loose valueble skills. Remember this next time you are someone you know sits down at a computer for a long time. You can help them."	5	6	11
862	"Dear @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 you imagine where the world would be without computers? Our daily lives would be dull and boring without new technology. Computers help society do various activities that would be impossible if we didn't have computers. They give us the ability to learn at home, connect with other people, and give a source of entertainment. From these reasons our lives because easy and convenient, which is what @CAPS2 people strive to accomplish. The ability for an average person to learn has greatly increased. It has gone from just being able to go to school to the @CAPS2 various ways to increase your intelligence on the computer. Programs such as @ORGANIZATION1, which teaches people how to speak a language, are available on the computer. These programs are like going to school, but more accesible to the public. To further help the public, there are ways to gain college degrees online. that how . Even if you go to school a computer @CAPS1 still help you excel in you work @CAPS2 sources of research are available on the computer and you like to the web a computer is a great place for fun. However, people still think computers are good. They claim to gaining on the other hand, the computer gives people website to help lose weight.They also say people aren't enjoying nature, even though there are @CAPS2 ways to appreciate on the computer. Lastly, it is stated that you dont . To conclude, computers greatly benefit us and are good. New technology is good thing and should keep expanding because of gaining the ability to , conncet with people and having fun, a computer helps the general public. Please, think of what i have said and buy a computer!"	6	5	11
863	"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, The average american uses the computer at least once, everyday @CAPS2 machines definetley beneffit society, with then people can easily learn about faraway places, learn whithout having to carry heavy books and papers and chat with people all over the country and sometimes even the world. First of all computers can teach you all about the world without you having to go to a library appart for a book free sites like wikapedia provide fast knowledge and most anything, you can use @CAPS2 sites for essay, trip planning and just to satisfy your curiousity some people believe that computers @CAPS13 people from excersizing and enjoying nature however computers promote exercise and going out to look at nature computers provide quick and easy access to travel agencies, as well as information on popular tourist areas, in any reason, They also bring advertising sites for gyms and ideas on excersizing at home, Computers don't hinder workouts and nature walks, they make @CAPS6 easier to do them. But computers make other things easier as well, @CAPS3 can be much easier with the use of computers, @CAPS4 of dragging around heavy books, @CAPS5 can carry a small laptop; @CAPS5 also can @CAPS13 worrying about keeping track of papers. Everything can be saved to a laptop. Computers organized files so even a messy student can keep organized, another advantage is that anything typed on a computer is neat and easy to understand @CAPS9 some handwriting, @ORGANIZATION2 in @ORGANIZATION1 is an example of how schools can be simplified with laptops. Each @CAPS5 is given one to use @CAPS4 of books, ""@CAPS6 is so much easier"" said one student. @CAPS3 is very difficult for some kinds. Computers can make @CAPS6 simplier. My last argument is that people can talk to anyone using chat sites. if someone has a cousin distance country they can still keep in touch @CAPS6's the sam for a friends who moved. @CAPS10-mail is a lot faster than @CAPS7 @CAPS8 mail carriers taking a @CAPS10-mail from one person to another is almost instantanious @CAPS6 is also more private, @CAPS9 mail that is just sealed with give, @CAPS10-mails are pass word protected, there are also other sites that are for socializing, @CAPS11 messages also for People talk with one another, This can help people learn about culture in other cities, @CAPS12 and sometimes even Different countries, @CAPS2 sites can help close the gap between cultures, They can help get video racism they can help make the world more ideal. Computers make our comunity better, They let us learn about faraway places, make @CAPS6 easier to enjoy @CAPS3, and enable us to talk to other people from almost anywhere, so, @CAPS13 anything about, You'll realize computers @CAPS14 are benificial to our society."	5	5	10
864	"Dear Readers, I understand some people are concerned that people spend too much time on the computer and that it is bad. I disagree, computers can help keep family members that live far away in touch. You can also see pictures of things that you cant see everyday. Finally, it helps your school work. I know a family that has a son fighting in the @LOCATION1. He brought his laptop with him so he was ask to video chat with his family. It seemed as though he never left. Without it, his family would wonder how he was and be worried. You don't have to have a family member at war to talk to them on the computer. Have you ever wanted to see what @LOCATION2 looks like? You don't have to travel there to find out. All you have to do is search it on your computer! If you live in a city with not a lot of nature in it, you can see what its like outside it with the computer. Seeing those sights @MONTH1 make you to travel, travelling with your family brings you closer. A study shows @PERCENT1 of families that go on vacations have strong relationships. Having a computer is mandatory for school. It is the best thing to research with. @PERCENT2 of students that are failing don't use a computer for homework. There are also websites that you can use for studying. There is a student in my school that failed most of his classes. He never used a computer. His friend suggested using one at home if he was having trouble, which he tries. He used a computer to help study for a test he had the next day. He ended up getting a @PERCENT1 on the test because he used a computer. It doesn't matter you using a computer for homework, talking with friends and familym or it is one of the most important inventions ever made."	4	4	8
865	"Would you ever think that a computer can take to much time or keep you from doing lots of things. Does using a computer mess up your life in some ways I would say no. The computer is common life everybody needs it or uses it in some way of form. People need it because they look a news when they could not catch it on @CAPS1 so they go to the amazing technoliga. We have witch is the @CAPS2.C of laptops or phone with internet. This just is a natural thing in are lifestyle now the computer does not stop you from going outside and playing other things its you say no I love this tecnoligy do much that I want to stay on it. So does the computer mess up someones life in anyway or is it just you. The beautiful things a @CAPS2.C can do for you. A computer can do lots of things for you wont want to leave it and go do other things, like you have lots of home work and a project that you need I @CAPS4 for so you go do your work and you can also listen to music and type your project and doing things even though your not outside playing and being active doesn't mean that your not doing somethings better for your life like typing faster for a job when you get older and nowing how to use a @CAPS2.C good and not being out of touch with family there is cameal. @CAPS2.C's have been around for a long time and eversince this world has had them we have been smarter more talented in most ways and kids and adults are in touch with wats going around us and how the world is acting technology has helped many people when they needed something done in a rush or for mostly everything they have been around for things the @NUM1 year old people can still go. Research things that they have never known. And find out billions of aplications for it. Although most people stay on for long periods of time but they cant stay on all day without say hi to family and talking to them. So has been around for a long time and still is being used everyday and always will be. So would you think that a computer is tacking to much time in a persons day and they are not spending enogh time with family or is it just that compturs are a all natural thing that everybody needs."	4	4	8
866	"@ORGANIZATION1, "@CAPS1? Are you there?" "@CAPS2 you hear me?" You never have that issue with computers. It has come to my understanding that there is a dispute about the benefits of computers - should we have them and advance them, or not? Well, I believe that computers are a necesity to an average person. Computers help everyone, and make life easier! Sure, there are cellphones and other helpful electronics, but @CAPS2 they always prove trustworthy? Computers are alwasy reliable - whether it's for homework or another reason! Computers provide easy interaction without breakups, they make it easier to learn, and if you are smart then they are safe. Without computers, who knows where our society would be? To begin, computers allow people to have conversations with others...that are halfway across the world! There are a variety of applications that you @CAPS2 choose from, and they are all easy to use. My personaly preffered option is @ORGANIZATION2 email. I myself have family in @LOCATION1, which is a whole continent away! Sure, I could call them, but my phone bill would be through the roof! How else am I supposed to keep intact with my loved ones? Do you know how many others face the same problem? Through a recent study, @NUM1 out of @NUM2 families in @LOCATION2 say they have relatives that are far away. That is @PERCENT1 of @LOCATION2's population! Imagine there was no computer for them to use. Phone companies would be in money and regular families would be living on the streets. Or worse - they would lose any relationship with their famly. Do you want that? Computers are easy to access, and you @CAPS2 interact with loved ones, friends, or new people. It doesn't get any better than that! So, which would you choose - losing your family relations or keeping in touch via email and computer applications? If that isn't enough, computers make it easy to learn new things and accomplish tasks. I know that as a student of @PERSON1, other students and I need to type our homework at least three times a week! Just yesterday I had to type up a response, a free writing choice, and an entry for a history project. Imagine if we had to go back to using typewriters. Either homework wouldn't be done or everyone would have a major lack of sleep. Both options are unacceptable. Plus, computers are great for research. If you have to look up a new country, look at far away colleges or find out about the world, why not visit your handy computer? You could learn which college is right for you without leaving your house. You could visit a new country without leaving town! Sure, you could read a newspaper, but answer me this where does the paper come from? Yup, trees are killed for them. Computers are the easy, environment friendly alternative for you. If those two reasons didn't convince you, maybe this one will. Most people think computers are unsafe, and that @MONTH1 be partly true. But if you are smart or listen in school like me, you will know that isn't always the case. In our school, we are taught about the risks of computers, and how to prevent any possible @CAPS3. I'm sure most schools do. In fact, nine out of ten students say that when it comes to safety, computers are rated an A+. Everyone knows about hackers, and so we avoid them. My parents even say that for over thirty years they have never had a single issue or risk of safety when using a computer, and neither have I. "@CAPS3 are only powerful if you let them be, and let them take control," says @CAPS4, an expert on the subject. So, if it's safety you are worried about, then don't. The kids of today, and tomorrow, know what is out there, and how to stop the minor @CAPS3. So, why don't we recap what we learned today. Are computers helpful and the best way to go for communication? Yes, they are. What is the best way to learn now things easily? I believe the correct answer is computers. What are safe even if some don't agree. It wasn't phones... no, not television... oh yes computers! I see why you might think no, they should be outside, well let me tell you, cellphones and t.v. will keep them from that anyway. At least computers don't rot your brain. Well, I have done my part. I support computers, and their advancement. But it isn't up to me, is it? No, it's not. So please do your part by spreading the word. It's the right thing to do. You know that you want to!"	6	6	12
867	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 you imagine a world where technology controls human interaction? Its not such a far fetched idea. Some people @MONTH1 see this as a great advancement. Not me. I think that computers detach people from reality, create false personas, and has no physical benefit. This is what i think the computers effects have on people. First of all, Computers detach people from reality. Its a lot easier for someone to sit on the computer, browsing aimlessly on some social networking website, than go out and actually meet new people. Sure you @CAPS2 send all the friend requests you want, but theres nothing that compares to a first impression that you get from meeting someone in person. The computer can also have an affect on family members and the time spent with them. Secondly, the computer creates false personas. If i had a facebook or @CAPS3 account, it would be very easy to say something false about myself, or someone else. The computer dosn't know better. This allows people to gain, ""friendships"" with others that dont know the real you. I find this as a real problem because eventually lead to shaky or unsteady relationshops. Lastly, I think that the computer offers no physical gain, This nation is in a severe heath crisis. With things easier to get now a days like fast food, and drugs, I don't think that computers help. People need discipline and theres a time and place for everything, including computers. However those that aren't disciplined might use them more than they need to and that isn't good. So @CAPS2 you imagine a world controlled by computers? I think that little by little, thats whats happening, slowly taking away the human element. I think the effects will be severe, detaching reality, creating false personas, and offering no physical gain. I don't think its right, but I hope I've persuaded you to think my way."	5	5	10
868	"Dear @ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS1 name us @PERSON1 from @LOCATION3, @LOCATION2. I thought it would benefit your opinion on the effects @ORGANIZATION1 computer usage throughout the @LOCATION1 if you heard from a young teen. This would help you because at @CAPS1 age people are dependent on computers! they can be entertained by online games, communicate with friends and family and receive news about what is happening around the world. Although some people do not always benefit by having a computer, most @ORGANIZATION1 the time people are satisfied, and do benefit from the use @ORGANIZATION1 computers. First off, people are affected by computers in a positive way because they can be entertained whether it is playing online games, or participating in a fantasy sports league. Although I just mentioned two non-educational examples, there are many educatiional websites on the internet which children can learn from. In @CAPS1 personal life I can name so many examples @ORGANIZATION1 entetainment. I use such as @CAPS2, which is an online game website, or fantasy football teams I am involved in. Another example @ORGANIZATION1 entertainment is when @CAPS1 younger brother. Parker goes on leaving websites. He will play on these websites for hours. Although he is sloveling infront @ORGANIZATION1 a computer screen he is learning. Also, expert say that children in the throughout the world learn more from the computer then from a textbook, or hearing information from a teacher. They say this because a computer screen catches peoples attention. Learning is a major priority and if it means putting a child infront @ORGANIZATION1 a computer for an hour will improve this, then that is what will happen. @CAPS1 next reason why effect @ORGANIZATION1 computers on people is positive, is because it helps people communicated with friends or family. @CAPS1 brother is attending college at @ORGANIZATION1 and since we do not see him often. our family will video chat with him over a program called @ORGANIZATION4. Because @ORGANIZATION1 this program we are able to stay in touch. An online poll was put out on @DATE1 which asked how people regularly talk to friends, or family. Sixty-three percent @ORGANIZATION1 the votes showed that people communicate over the computer most @ORGANIZATION1 the time. Thirty-two percent said over the phone and about sixteen percent said in person. this shows how much people communicate over the computer using, facebook, @CAPS3 @CAPS4, and much more. I would say that the computer is a good effect ion people when used this way. Lastly, computers help people receive news about what is happening around the world. On the computer at @CAPS1 house, everytime I open the internet there is breaking news about the war in @LOCATION6 devistation on @LOCATION5, and much more. Alsom a few months ago a class at @ORGANIZATION3 made a pie-chart and discovered how their classmates find out world news. Fifty-six percent said they foud out their news from computers. Not only is it @ORGANIZATION3 students but most people get news from the internet. Just the other night at dinner our waiter was from @LOCATION4 and he said he received all @ORGANIZATION1 his news about his hometown from the internet. As you can see many people use the internet on their computers to receive news and information. It is easy to tell that the effect computers have on people is positive because @ORGANIZATION1 the reasons I have stated above; people can be entertained, they can communicate with family and friends, and @MONTH1 recieve news about what's happening around the world. Like I said on the first paragraph, not all the effects are positive but most @ORGANIZATION1 them are!"	6	6	12
869	"To whom it @MONTH1 concern, Computers are beneficial to society. They promote learning, coordination, and even general welfare. It is true that computers @MONTH1 be detrimental to a person's health, affecting the amount of exercise and interaction a person gets, but the positive effects of computers more than make up for this. People learn much of what they know from the computer. Among an infinite number of things a person can learn from them are definitions new words, scientific theories, algebraic equations, history, law, any number of languages, and much more. Computers, when used for learning, can teach people things they @MONTH1 learn in school, but on their own time, computers exercise the brain, and teach it to think beyond the bounddries of ""@NUM1."" They also teach the brain how to better direct the body to face i'ts needs. Coordination can be very hand for some people, and this can be a problem. Without coordination, people wouldn't be able to catch a ball, avoid certain dangers, or even stand. To help improve this people need practice. They can get this practice from exercise catching ball, threading a needle, or using a computer. Using the mouse on a computer can help with hand-eye coordination in that it forces the brain to direct the mouse to a certain place on the screen, in order to accomplish what is needed to be done. At first, this process @MONTH1 be excrutiatingly slow, but over time, as the brain gets practice at this coordination improves and the process speeds up @CAPS1, the person will be able to use the computer faster and more efficiently. This will help them play games, learn, or even help people when they are in need. Helping people is very important in this day an age. That's why it is important for people to find out news quickly so that they can help. Computers allow this. For example, on the day of the deadly earthquake in @LOCATION1, most of the world found out within the hour from computers. News sites broadcast its social networking sites such as @CAPS2 talked about it, and people talked to each other online about it. This rapid spread of the news saved many lives in @LOCATION1 as people immediately dropped what they were doing and rushed to help. Computers affect people in that they help to send out news and stories causing them to want to help people. Many websites also are adept at donating money while playing a game. For example, www.freenke.org is a site that donates @NUM2 grains of rice for every question answered correctly, and they have donated over @NUM3 @CAPS3 grains of rice. Obviously, computers and sites like these have to have a positive effect on the world. Overall, one would think that computers have a mostly positive effect on the world. Despite limiting exercise, they encourage learning, and the exercise of the brain. Computers also help people with their coordination, which is very important. Finally, computers promote a world where people want to help each other, and a world where people keep up with current events, whether they like it or not. Thank you, editor, for considering my side on the positive effects computers have on the world."	4	5	9
870	"Dear local newspaper, I agree that computers benefit us totaly. This lets people explore the world and do anything. Also, computers are used for many things. Last but not least @NUM1 out of every @NUM2 households have at least one computer. So computers lets us do anything and everything. It helps most people with their jobs, college/school, and you can even buy a house or car online. It doesn't cost that much and its very usefull. You can look up facts you need or even play games when your bored. It keeps us in touch with the world. Also, many thing require a computer. For example, In order to play xbox live you need a computer with @CAPS1. Xbox live lets you play video games with other people or even your friends. Some homework requires computers and some colleges are only on the computer so you can stay at home. Anything you need you can find it on the computer. @NUM1 out of @NUM2 house hold have computers, or @PERCENT1 of @LOCATION1 does. I agree that some people waste their time, but without computers everything would be much harder. For example, say you need to having to wait @NUM5 days for the mail. Just @CAPS2-mail it. Most people wouldn't have a job if it weren't for computers. It saves peoples time and lets them do other things except have to drive somewhere to give a letter to them. So I think computers are a huge benefit. Like I said you can do anything. Like @CAPS3. It keeps you in touch with friends if your on vacation from school. They are also used for several different things like downloading music on your @CAPS4. Also, @CAPS5 everyone has a computer. If scientists are going to complain about computers than why do they use them? I think computers are great! But whats you opinion?"	4	4	8
871	"Dear who it @MONTH1 concern, I think that computers are very affective but then again they are not because would you rather have your kids on the computer or lets say some children smoke and some hang out in the streets to much yeah it does do a lot affect to them. In my predictionI say computers are very addictive but then again it really isn't because there are some people who really don't like being on the computers for a long time cause it gets boring and it starts to hurt you eyes. I will understand if they don't want to get off when it passes there bed time. Some kids do a lot of bad things out in the street and hang out in the streets a lot, but when they go on the computer it can stop some of them from doing those things. A lot of kids have myspace and facebook ... and more and it is the best way to stay in contact with your family and friends thats one of the main reasons kids go on and there is other electronic devices that stops kid from exersicing and stuff like that such as a psp go or xbox @NUM1 or ds, dsi playstation @NUM2 and @NUM3. So I think it is an addiction and it affects kids but the things you'd rather have your kids do keeps them away from doing it."	3	3	6
872	I think that computers are amazing. Computers are an amazing way to meat new pol online.	1	1	2
873	Many computers that people have they use it everday right? Most of them be on it from the time they get off of work or out of school until it's time for them to go to bed. What I think they should to is find some other activity to do instead of sitting on the computer for six hours and not doing nothing with their life and plus at that when you look at a computer for so long you can mess up you eye sight. Why be on the computer all day when you can go outside and get some fresh aire? Why would you wanna be on the computer when you have family and some friends you could be spending time with and taken care of? You don't want to be lazy and not do nothing for yourself. You wanna be able to go for a walk instead of being cooped up in the house on the computer. Why would you even wanna be on the computer when you could have fun going out to eat or to an place you always have wanted to go your whole entire life? You can't always depend on a computer when you wanna go out and explore something new you have to try it out yourself to really see whats the whole thing about. You don't want to have a boring life now do you? Cause that's what it seems like by you sitting around on the computer everyday looking of a bunch of @NUM1-since you wanna do what you want to do and have fun by doing what you like to do. It's not easy finding a job or planing to go out far away by looking on the computer because you have to click a lot of numbers or pictures to go threw what you wanna get to when you can go and do it yourself by looking for better and other things to do.	3	3	6
874	"Dear @CAPS1 of @ORGANIZATION1; Technology seems to have a positive effect on people. But could it be a bad thing. The computer is one of the top uses by @CAPS2, but I think we spend a little to much time on it. My reasons are, kids and adults spend to much time on it, cant interact with friends or family and you cant enjoy nature. Dont get me wrong, its nice to meet new people on the internet and learn about other places. But when are you going to get your exercis of your on it for @NUM1 hours? Sometimes you can never get up because your eyes are stuck to the screen. As for food, you sit and eat junk food. You cant get a healthy meal if you eat chips & candy for hours. Instead up being blinded by the screen, you can get blinded from the sun outside by riding a bike. Its a great way to get fit, rather than typing and clicking away at your @CAPS3. Another way of getting fit, (than to sit) is going out for a run. Kids need about @NUM2 mins of cardio, so why not run your legs than your newest download? You work out your arms & your legs! My next reason why spending time on the computer too much is bad is because you wont have time for your friends or family. Are kids just going to sit at the computer all day while your family is having fun? Also, when you have chores to do, what will happen to them? The dishies will be dirty and your room will be a mess. Most of all wont you miss your friends? At this age kids/teens should be partying with friends and not gossiping online. No one would ever want to invite you anywhere because they will know you will be on the computer. Lastly, my final reason is the most simplest; enjoy nature explore the outside instead of living on the inside. Its good to go out once in a while and get a breathe of fresh air. If you havent visted the park in a while it would be great. Hear all the birds chirping and see the trees and flowers bloom! Then take a nice walk or stroll in the park. Your getting exercise & exploring nature too. While your at it, plant some flowers in your garden. This shows instead of buying games online, your buying seeds to help the environment. In conclusion, spending time on the computer is not bad, just dont spend hours-upon-hours on it. Kids will be kids, as well, adults will be adults. So take the considerations in hand. So try to get exercise, hang out with your friends & family, and enjoy nature!"	5	4	9
875	"Dear Local Newspaper,… I believe that computers have a negitive affect on people today. I believe this because computers cause people to be less active, most people would want to be at home on their computers then out side doing activities. I also belive computers restrict people who talk through it to show emotion. People should be out with each other when they talk not talking throught a machien. Finally if people were not on the computer as much they would bring down the obesity rate of the contry if everyone just stoped using technology for a while and wen outside. Every day at least once or twice or somtimes even more people use the computer for hours on end. People today have so many options of things to do on the internet: @CAPS1, @CAPS2, ooVoo, and alot more. @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people say they ""need"" to check these everyday but they really dont. What they do ""need"" to do is to stop using computers as much and go out side! Furthermore, people all around the world communicate thought the computer. I talk to my friends all the time thought the computer"" says @PERSON1, ""@CAPS3 the easiest way"". Now it @MONTH1 be the easiest way but @CAPS3 also the most boring, I mean really do you want to talk like a robot or with emotion like a person? Computers dont give you the chance to show emotion, this means people need to go out, hans out, and mabye even call each other to talk. At least you getting up to get the phone. Finally, @CAPS4 is one of the most obese places in the whole world. People are sitting on the computer everyday, eating, and not moving at all and gaining weight. Do you really want to be a known as the ""fat country""? I dont think so. People should restrict computer usage among themselves to a of an hour even less if you can. To restate, I beleve that computers have a negitive affect on todays people aroung the world. Computers cause people to be less active. less emotionn in a conversation, and cause people to be obese. So please help me fight to put more people outside and make people more active, sounds like a pretty good cause huh?"	4	5	9
876	"Dear Newspaper, People use computers in their everyday lifes, & having computers has become customary to many people throughout the @LOCATION1. We go on computers for research, writing papers, or just for pure entertainment, in all these ways computers are very helpful. But, like all good things, too much computer time can be harmful. Sure they provide our lives with knowledge, info on the outside world, & connections with people from just about anywhere, but some of us become too attached with this virtual life instead of living our own real lifes. This happens to many people, some don't even notice what computers are doing to them. For most people, life @MONTH1 be challenging & the real world to stressing, so they retire to the computer for awhile, & to me this is fine, but when someone were to keep doing this it would become an addiction. Instead of relaxing by taking a walk or reading a book, they go to the computer, this would not be good for their social life or their minds. In my opinion, minds need to think, they need excerise by puzzling over something or figuring out a problem. Sure you think your brain is thinking by playing a challenging computer game, & sure, in some ways, it is. But it could reach its full potential by doing something else thats not straining your eyes so much. Computers can be good, but not for everything in your life. Now what about your social life Computers can be a helpful resource in many ways, but not if you let them become a destruction. This @MONTH1 happen by letting the computer be your constant companion. Now a days people have come up with online games where you can interact with other people. This isn't neccessarily bad unless your whole social life is only with these online people that you really don't know, instead of with real people that you see at school or meet on the everyday streets so what I'm saying is that a talking with people online isn't bad as long as you put them as secondary friends & have real people come first. Like I said in the beginning computers are part of our everyday life, and its not a bad thing, they can be very helpful. But you must control what you do on them and how much you use them. If you do that you will most likely have a much more balanced lifestyle. Making you, your friends, & family a whole lot happier."	5	5	10
877	"Many people use computers. Some people agrees that it benefit the society and others disagree. Some experts think people are spending too much time on the computers, and less time exercising, playing outside, and having family time. I think differently, computers help us with hand-eye coordination for jobs, stay in touch with family members and friends, and computers also help us learn about different things. Computers help us with many things but the most important is jobs. Many jobs use computers. In order to get a job using computers you need hand-eye coordination which computers teach us. Computers prepare is with skills we are going to need when we get jobs. Computers are very helpful. Computers also help us stay in touch with our family members and friends. @PERSON2 @CAPS1 of @LOCATION1 says that if we didn't have computers @CAPS2 wouldn't have been able to see her neice and nephew open their christmas presents @CAPS2 got them. @CAPS2 also wouldn't have seen her nephew take his first steps. ""Technology is wonderful"" @CAPS2 explained to me. @CAPS2 loves staying in touch with her families through computers. Computers are also help young children to old adults learn new things. Computers hold a lot of information, many people learn things they have never heard of on the internet. My younger sister @PERSON1 learned how to read on the computer. @CAPS2 is in the highest reading level you can be in, in first grade. Computers are very helpful at learning new things. Computers can do many things, they help us with getting jobs by teaching us hand-eye coordination. They can also help us keep in touch with our loved ones. Computers teach us about interesting things like faraway places and people. Computers are a wonderful thing to have in our society. Experts, their is no reason whats so ever you should be concerned with more and more people using computers, it's a good thing."	4	4	8
878	"One girl sits by her computer doing homework. Another girl with her computer, talks to her friends. Those girls are doing activitys that make our world more productive. I think that computers have a positive effect on people. Computers help people with hand-eye cordination, learn about faraway places, and talk with others online. This is what computers can do to help our socity become better. Firstly, the computer can teach us hand-eye cordination. By playing games , we can use what we learn in real life. A boy can play football on line, then take what he learned and use that in a real football game. Hand-eye cordination on the computer can help us to learn new things about our society. We could use what we learned to discover new things and help us to make the community, as a whole, . These skills can also help us do more things at once. Multitasking is a difficult task to and with hand-eye cordination and computers it becomes easier. A second productive task can help us with is learning . Some people dont know going on in The computer can direct us to news The computer is literally like one huge look of use . Another positive effect that computers have on people is communication. Many people have a twitter, facebook , myspce, etc. and all those websites can help . Products like skpe, video chat , aim and email allow people to have a conversation online. Email is something that there are so many new ides. You cannot only talk you can do business, send pictures, invitations, and announcements. Schools, offices, and companys all over the world use these products and it doesn't only make society better it makes the world better. In conclusion, computers do have a positive effect on people around the world. They can help with hand eye cordination, help you learn about far away places, and they help people communicate. That one girl doing her homeowrk get an A and the girl talking on her signs off to be with her family."	5	5	10
879	"Dear editor of the @PERSON1, I heard you are writing a section in your newspaper about computers and I just thought I would voice my opinion. Personally, I think computers have a positive effect on people. First, I think computers are swell because you are able to learn things about faraway places, like countries on the other side of the world, from the comfort of your home. Also, the information on the internet can help with students' schoolworks. Finally, you are able to talk with other people on-line. These are just a few points why computers are very importent, that you should include in your article. First off, editor of the @PERSON1, I think computers are good for mankind becasue you are able to learn about places on the other side of the world, while sitting at home drinking hot cocoa. This is so very convinient. There are websites containing the geography, languages, and traditions of countries waiting for you to learn. For example, once my friend, @PERSON3, was planning on going to @LOCATION1 for a business trip, but had no idea how to speak the language. I recommended the website, www.Indianow.com and in two weeks she was speaking like an expert. Another time, my sister, @PERSON4, was visiting her in-laws for the first time. They were full @CAPS1 and she wanted to bake something traditional for them. She looked up a recipe on the web and everyone was satisfied with the scrumptious ravioli she made. This is just one reason the internet is so useful. Second, computers are an amazing invention because you can find help for schoolwork easily. My brother, @PERSON5, was having problems with learning about the seasons, but with one click, he was full of knowledge. Also, now-a-days they even have on-line tutors and on-line colleges! Professor @PERSON2 states that @PERCENT1 of passing college students are earning their degree online. This is a fabulous point on why computers are so important. Lastly, computers are really significant to society because you are able to talk with other people online. With videochat, chatrooms, facebook and @CAPS2, you are bound to make a friend who would last a lifetime. I know I did! There are even on-line dating sites and matchmakers. For instance, after mu uncle divoriced my aunt, she was devastated and couldn't date again for the longest time. I told her to try one of those on-line dating sites, she took my advice and found a lovely man. They have been dating for @NUM1 months. Last @DATE1 he proposed. They are now happily engaged. This is my last reason how computers can change someone's life in a positive way. In conclusion, I think computers are a fantastic inevntion because you are able to learn about faraway places while staying at home. recieve help with your schoolwork, and talk with other people on-line. I really hope you will consider my opinion for your article, editor of the @ORGANIZATION1. Thank you for your time."	5	5	10
880	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 you think computer's are good to use? More and more people use computer, but not everyone agrees that this benefits soceiety I srong disagree. My first reason is because computer's are not safe. My second reason is computer's could get you in a lot of troble. My @CAPS3 reason is you never know what could happen on the computer. Read on and see why I disagree. First @CAPS4 gonna tell you why I disagree. The reason why I disagree is because computer's are not safe because you could have someone trace where you live at then what? Second - computer's could get you into a lot of trobe such as posting things online or saying mean thing's to people. Next computer's are bad because if someone like's you and you say I dont like you they could post mean and hurt full thing's and then if you friend's see it you will probably get mad. Finally - in concusion thease are all my reason's why I think computer's are not good. You never know what coud happen on a computer there's website's there and some could start a virus on your computer. Also I think computer's are not good because computer's lead to no good so keep your child away from computers. Also be careful what chu @CAPS2."	3	3	6
881	The computers are cool. Do you now I werpsite is @NUM1.com. We nede to time the lemt lo-menteno it. I love the compueters. We nede @NUM2 make a computers are grene compurers.	1	1	2
882	"Dear editor of the @CAPS1 @CAPS2, People say that technology is affecting everybody left and right. Computers actively help us with our daily lives. It helps us do project for school, let us understand culture around the world, and gives us the ability to talk and connect with friends and family everywhere. Our shool makes us do tons of project and the computer is our main course. If you want to go somewhere far away, you're most likely to research it, and then plan on going. It is also might be used to talk with friends on facebook, twitter, and @CAPS3. Computers help us learn and communicate. To start off, as an eight grades, we are prepared to go to high school. Fortunately, it means we do projects, reports, and research on the computer. The computer enables us to find information for a project, or construct a diagram or data table for a survey. Many people use this method for jobs. People do reports on celebrities and famous people from history. Books can't always give the information you are looking for, so they look up that persons name, and they will find our hundred of web sites that give information and photographs of that person. In addition to, computers let you book flights, buy, tax rates. Sometimes, people don't always to go and drive to a local car, so they go online to a website that sells, and they are able to look at all of the features of the car, the price, and mileage. The only way you can get tickets is if you go onto the internet. They have websites that let book whatever kind of flights you want. It can be to go to florida, or it can be a flight to @LOCATION1. If you also how the economy is doing, you can look up tax rates and how find out how much our country is in debt. You can even find out how much an average family pays - every year. Computers can be very they resourceful at @CAPS2. It gives capability to do more than you can imagine. Most importantly, computers have created a way for you talk to friends and family around the globe. Facebook and twitter are the new things of the century. Facebook and twitter let you talk to friends, post photos and talk about your personal life. They have a new thing now where you can play lifestyle games. @CAPS3 is not as popular anymore and doesn't have as many cool things. It only let's you talk to friends and that's why no one uses it anymore. People want to be able to do more than just talk. It comes to my attention that computers have over time. Computers these days enable you to talk with friends, do research and projects, and let you book flights and buy cars. Our school's curriculum has many projects and reports. They can be done only by the help of a computer. You can research people and places and or get pictures. You can also book flights for far away trips and buy cars and other items off the internet. We even have the capability to talk with friends on facebook and twitter. Computers have a positive influence on people."	5	5	10
883	"Alot of people would disagree that computers are benefiting people. But I think that computers are exremely helpful because they are a good way to learn, they are fun to use, and it's also a goodway to talk to old friends. I know there are some people who are on computers alot more than they should but still computers are very helpful. Computers are a very good way to learn because on a computer you could easily find out whi the @CAPS1 of @LOCATION1 is. But if you didn't use a computer and you went to a library it could take hours to find the right and find were in the book it is. You could also learn about news faster without writing for it to come on the news channel. Computers are a lot beter than having to drive to a library because with just a couple as clicks you could find what you want and be done. Computers are also fun because you can play little games on the internet that could easily take up on extra @NUM1 minutes that yu might have on a work break or before school. And even some games exercise your mind like solitare its fun but hard. But there are some games that people tend to over do because they go addicted. But most people haven't ever prayed a game like that or only play once in a while. Lastly computers are a good way to stay in touch with old friends because there are a lot of ways to talk to people online like say if when you were in high school your best friends moved away you sould still talk to people on a chat room were you can text. or a video chat were you actualy see them face to face. In conclusion I think computers are helpful because you can learn, play and talk to people. Computers are best all around helpful."	4	4	8
884	"Dear Local Newspaper, I feel that computers are very beneficial to our society. They are very helpful when it comes to homework, you can talk to people online and you can make plans/ without even leaving your house. First of all, computers help us a great deal with homework. Many kids are adamant about it, but with the help of a computer, they will be more willing to get it done. For example, when I have a difficult science/social studies assignment, I can research it on the computer. Also, @CAPS1 I have a just coming up and I left my textbook at school, I can just study on my computer. So, as a result, computers are very helpful with homework and studying. Secondly, computers make it very easy to communicate with others. For example, talking on the phone costs money, and why would you money when you could text, chat voice for free? Also, many people use e-mail because its very easy and you can send documents to others. Lets say, that I had a work document on yearly company profits and I needed to got it to my boss. No problem, I just it to an email and I don't have to drive. Finally, my last point, computers make it very easy to make plans or connections. I know that @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people love to travel, but you need plane tickets. Just go to the website and do it online. Its fast, easy and safe. Also, @CAPS1 you needed to make reservations for something, like a hotel, you just have to go online, pick a date and when you arrive your room will be ready. I can see how this would be very beneficial to traveling business men who might need a room for the night. In conclusion, computers play a huge roll in the world because they can help with homework, its easy to communicate, and you can make /reservations without even leaving your house. And the best part about them is that they are fun and easy to use!"	5	4	9
885	"I think that computers have a good effect on people. When people are on the computer they are not on for very long. I also think computers have a good effect on people because of the new technology. Computers are positive and they can help you when you are stuck or need to look something up. To me computers are positive. When people go on the computer ther are not on for @NUM1 hours straight. Sure they might be on @NUM1 hours in a day but they do other stuff in between like school, meals and activities. Some people need computers for their @CAPS1. News @CAPS2 companies need computers for editing and printing out the papaer. They also put the news on there website. What would most people do without a computer? Computers are positive because of the new technology! The new technology is helping people interact over the. if you have a long distance friend or family member, there are how many ways to talk to them. You could use @CAPS3, skype, oovoo, @CAPS4 or even email. When I go on the computer I dont just sit and watch @CAPS5 @CAPS6 or @CAPS7 online. I interact with my friends @PERCENT1 of us population between the ages @NUM3 have a @CAPS3. @PERCENT2 have skype or oovoo and talk to people that are too far away to visit. Computers are positive because they can help you with school that you don't know just go on the internet and look it up if you need to translate @CAPS8 to @CAPS9 just go on the computer and translate it. @PERCENT3 of people learned a dictionary there own using the internet. If there is a word you want to know and isn't i the dictionary look it up and it will be online. Computers have a positive effect on people. Nobody spends so much time on the computer that they can't go outside or hang out with there friends. People actually need the computer for their @CAPS1 the new technology that is coming out is letting people interact with people across the world. They are positve to have for school work, definitions and even translation. Computers are not negative and they dont take away what you should do in life."	2	3	5
886	"Dear newspaper editor, @CAPS1 you have a computer? @CAPS1 your kids spend all of their time on it talking in people or going on facebook or myspace? Well that’s fun and all for a few hours but some people spend a lot of time on there. They don't go out and get exercise or interact with their family and friends. Also they @MONTH1 end up getting in trouble in school or at home. If you spend all of your time on the computer doing whatever your doing you won't have time to go out and exercise. Not only will it be in appeling but it could be dangerous for your health after a while. All your time gets sucked into the computer and when your on it you feel like your not on for a long time and it ends up being like a few hours. It even happens to adults, my mom was on the computer for about an hour and she felt like it was only a few mins. When your on your computer for several hours you tend to got sucked in and not interact with anyone. I know this from experience. A few months ago I spent about a whole month just coming home from school and being on the computer for several hours. This effected my life a lot, I stopped going out on weekends with my friends, I always wanted to stay home when my family wont out. Then my mom confronted me about it and I realized all of my time on the computer wasn't good. I was missing out on a lot of things. Kids @MONTH1 also get at home or at school if they are on the computer for a long time they @MONTH1 not @CAPS1 their homework and end up failing a class and then stay back. Statistics show that @PERCENT1 of the kids that stay on the computer for a long time end up either failing a class or staying rack. They @MONTH1 also get in trouble at home because they dont @CAPS1 their chores because their busy on the computer and neither the child or the children like getting in fights with one another. Now I know in a way it's good to have computers and be able to use them so we can look up information and its nice to sometimes talk to people on the computer for a little while but being on the computer for a little while but being on the computer for to long of an amount ran really mess you and your social life up. So all im trying to prove is that computers are an amazing invention but we should just use them a little less and get out and excersise, and have fun with our family and friend and @CAPS1 good in school and at home so we @CAPS1 get to spend some time on the computer. I hope you see it my way now."	4	4	8
887	"Dear Newspaper, I strongly believe that computers do not benefit society. I believe this beacause when the computer you spend less time exercising. Secondly computers make time enjoying nature. Finally interacting with family and friends is important when on the computer you don't do much of that. Plese read on to find out what i have to say about computers. Using a computer has a of down falls but @CAPS1 of which is the lack of exerizing while on the computer. As you @MONTH1 know that many countrys are becoming obese because the lack of exersize. Computers are no help to this problem. The only exersize computer contribute is the hand and fingers but even that is bad because if you are typing and on computer for too long you will get carpeltunlye in the fingers and hands. @PERSON1, an expert on health, said ""@CAPS1 in three people go on the computer for more than @CAPS1 hour a day, which could lead to obesinty. This leads to my next paragraph. When on the computer there is no enjoying the outdoors. Enjoying nature is important to every man or women's scegule. On a computer its imposible to enjoy nature because all the computer is is a time consuming brain washing thing to do. Nature helps save the brain. Without that then you'll be very exausted all the time. Did you know @PERCENT1 of kids go outside every day that means @PERCENT2 of kids are in side on the computer. This leads to my finally topic. The computer @MONTH1 have sites where you can talk to friends but that is no where as good as seeing them in person. Your family is important so you need to spend time with them. My family always does stuff together like board games and what not. With computers there would not be any time with your family because everybody will be on the computer playing games insted of spending time with you family. In my conlusion computer have extraordinary bad affect on society because it exausts time for exersicing, also limits time to enjoy nature and finally people spent too time on computers and too little time interacting with family and friends, thank you for reading my paragraph on the many affects of computers"	4	4	8
888	"Dear local newspaper, I believe computers have a good effect on people. The reasons believe that is because the computer teaches us a lot of things, you can also find a relitive you have not seen in a long time. Two more reasons is because you could talk to your friends, another is you need it to put music on @NUM1's, @CAPS1's and other devices. My first reason I thought computers have a good effect on people was because it teaches us alot of things. If you wanted to know about a countries culture you will be able to go and find out on the computer. Without the computer you would have to visit not knowing what shot to take for sickness they have. Other things it could teach you is how to get from one place to another without stopping to ask people where a place is. It's important to know things on on the computer you can look it up and find out. Another is you can find a family member you haven't seen in along time. Being able to reconnect with someone is very important. What if something happened to them and you didn't know, like a broke leg or hip you can find out if you find them on the computer. Also alot of people @MONTH1 have family they miss and want to be close to or talk to again they cannot find them and fill close to them again. And they can find you if they relly need to talk to you. You could also talk to your friends in a chat room with other friends or alone. If you have moved far away the computer is a good way to keep in touch with your old friends. Talking to a friends releaves some kids of their stress they had. It helps when your friends make you laugh and talk to you about leaving everything alone and breath. Everyone has one friend that talks them out of doing bad things. A friend like that is helpful. Last reason is you need a computer to put music on your @NUM1 players. Music is very fun and alot of people love to listen to it. If you had no computers there would be no point in buying a lot of electronic devices because a lot you need the computer for. People like to listen to music on their @CAPS1 or @NUM1 while exercising but you need the computer to put music on it. Without computers their's no point of music. In conclusion I think computers have a good effect on people."	4	4	8
889	"The @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 Newspaper just found out that there is a big arguement going on saying that computer are not benefiting society. The other side those who support advances in technology believe that computer have a positive effect on people. Well the @ORGANIZATION1 had to choose a side and the side that they have chosen that computer have a positive affect on people. Yo know why we pick this side because are three reasons why computers are good. Like number one they teach people about far away places and people, @CAPS1 computers are a good sorce of entertainment, and last but not least @CAPS1 computers are good chat room. When @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 are finished telling you why these three reason are good the peoples @CAPS1 computer will win this war! First reason is do you like wasting time walking though the library looking for places or @ORGANIZATION1 people. Well if you have a computer you do not have to deal with these all you have to do is go to sarch and put these person or place name and you will see that in less than a min you have information that will take hours to find in a library. I know this because it happen to me looking for a book that talks about the @CAPS2 caladers. I could not find I had to go on a computer for the information. Secound reason why because computers are a good sorce of entertainment. You know if you got bord and you have computer you can easily just go on it and play so many fun games like @CAPS3 @CAPS4, dragonwars, or any fun game that you can find on a computer. There are so many games to chosse from that you will never get borad. Third reason is the computer is a fun way of talking to friends or family. Like are so many sites that you can chosse to talk to friend or family like @CAPS5, @CAPS6 or even @ORGANIZATION2. Also did you know you can send videos or even pictures of stuff to friends or family. So go on a computers and talk to your friend even that person a picture or something. My cunclision is I hope you take want I said to heart and chosse want the newspaper have as a dision."	4	4	8
890	"Many people think computers are bad or that we spend less time outside because of them. But are they are bad for individuals to use as people say they are. In this instance, a moderation would be helpful. When you think of computers, what comes to mind. Games? Social @CAPS1? What if computers are doing more than that? Last year, a computer helped diagnose a concussion of mine and helped figure out I've had @NUM1 others. Not to mention the computer did quicker and more efficient than a regular human. An expert says ""Computers diagnose anything, not just concussions, @PERCENT1 better than doctors."" @CAPS2 the social netwowrking has a positive aspect. This has let people, who haven't seen each other for a long time, reconnect and become good friends again. With the positive aspects there is always a negative. Computer have started to make kids obese. This is problem in the country because if we become lazy then we could ruin our country. In addition, if we become has reliant of computers @NUM2 diagnos, what happens when they get faulty? These are problems that are very real and aren't being with. If we cant deal with these problems first then computers will turn out to be a bad thing. Lastly, a moderation could be extremely helpful for us today. For example, instead of using social @CAPS1 for friends next door, go outside and play wiffle ball with them. Social @CAPS1 was made to reconnect with friends far away, not across the street. @CAPS2, instead of totally reling on computers to diagnose problems, have them and the doctor find out. Doing this will get great results and keep doctors prepared if computers, dont work. These are just a examples how moderation could be very helpful to everyone. In conclusion, having no computers wouldn't be a great idea because of how much they help society. Although, being totally dependent on them is a bad idea to because they don't have that much benefit to them."	4	4	8
891	"Dear all computer lovers, i do think you are all spending too much time on the computer. yes, it is good to go on the computer and learn new fact, watch funny videos, and also basicly everything is on the computer these days. But most people spend to much time on the computer. you need to be doing three things, enjoy nature spending time with family and friends and most importantly, exercise. In this letter I will be explaing why you need these things, wich you cant get on the computer. First, i will be explainig why it is important to enjoy nature. Sometimes, enjoying nature can be difficult but if we all look closer it can be really fun. Some examples of nature are trees, grass, the fresh air. But I am sure all of my fellow teenagers would agree that, that is very boring we would all rather sit and watch tv. Some examples of making of making nature fun is instead of looking at a boring tree, you can climb the tree and maybe you can go outside and play with your dog and lay in the grass. One example of my favorite things to do in nature, is when I say up all night I run outside very early and lay in the grass, breathe in the fresh air and watch the sun came up. Secondly, and every importanrt that you get off the computer and spend time with family and friends. Fa mily, can do @MONTH1 things with you and I know that I am very happy when I am with family because they always make me laugh and most importantly my family loves to party. Partys are always fun ecspecially when your are with family. Freinds are also great to be with because they make you laugh have adventures and are always there for you."	5	4	9
892	"Computers they give you @CAPS1 and reasearch from a for distance from you. But is it good for you? Those who support advances in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people. I believe they @MONTH1 be correct. I believe that a computer can be used by finding things out from far distances, it can also give hand - eye coordination, I also believe that it is ok to use a computer if you are just using it for reasearch or other needed actions. When useing a computer it gives you the advantages of researching and studying far away places. This is good because some people have intrest in places around the world. Also, @CAPS2 need computers now adays, thier teachers give the write up typed assignments, or power point presentations. Also, parents you computers for work or maybe to get away from work to take a vacation they need took book it some how. Also, some say using a computer can give you Hand eye coordination. Well, it does in fact when you type. Some @MONTH1 not know this hut typing is a skill, some people type fast some type slow and some are average typers. Also, to teach little kids maybe even some adults, people have created a typing game on the computer it will teach kids how to type. Also, some people who type super fast go to get test to see how fast they type the test gives numbers like seventy words a minute. People naturally type about thirty words a minute. I believe that people should be able to go on computers for needed actions such as research. Many kids have learned about these other websites such as facebook, I tunes, youtube, and twitter. Some become addictted so they never got off. Also, being on all of these websites and more try to give you things. that my give you a virus. Viruses can come in many strengths some can crash your computer some just send boat loads of pop-ups to your monitor. I feel that it is ok to go on the computer to do research or bok vacations. If you are addicted to other websites stop because you will crash you computer with one click of your mouse. Over all I believe computers are a great source to get information off of but should not be addicted so called toy. Computer have a positive effect on people. Just dont be addicted and got outside... and have exercise with friends and family too."	4	4	8
893	"Deear Newspaper, I think that the effects that computers are having on people is a @CAPS1 thing because most people just sit at the computers all day long. In this letter I am going to talk about the effects of computers on people, what we could be doing instead, and what person are doing on the computer. First thing is that computers are having a @CAPS1 effect on people and there life computers are making people just fit inside on their computers all day and do nothing. They just sit there playing games also about @PERCENT1 of the people who are spending to much time on the computer are probally pating well their on the computer which that is why some people @MONTH1 be fat. Most of the people who spend all of they time on the computer is people in there @NUM1's and @NUM2's some are in there @NUM3's or @NUM4's. Just sitting there on the computer will get you. Where in life. It will not give you a job or school education. By just sitting at the computer for a while you will not be able to do things out side. If so many people were not on the computer all the time then they could be outside. Being outside they can play sports, ride bikes, swim, run and more. They could also get a job and make some money or go to college, kids who are on the computer to much could get out and go to the mall, hang with friends you could get some exercise, or just enjoy nature. There is no use for going on the computer and being there for more then @NUM5 or @NUM6 hours, the most you should be on the computer would be an hour to an hour and a half. Kids and teenagers should only go on the computer for homework and the rest of the time doing something eles. Well all of the kids grade through @NUM7 grade should go out a play with their toys and people @NUM8 grade and up should hang out with and do thing like go to the mall, see a movie, or just have a sleepover. Also everyone in these grades should interact with there families more by seeing them more then @NUM7/@NUM8 times a month and they could have parties or just get together and hang out. So people should do some of the other things I said instead of just going on the computer all of the time. The last thing is the things that people are doing on the computers which is like I sometimes go on facebook. Other people go on facebook, google, games looking up information, and more. They also have emails where they chat with other people. Another thing people go on is youtube and listen to music and watch veidos. So I don't think that the effect of the computers on people is a good thing. I think that people shoud be out doing things then just sitting at home on the computer. People who sit at home on computers could and probally will get to fat. So the effect of computers on people is @CAPS1."	4	4	8
894	"I think that we should have computers. Because it help us find pleopl and it help us talk to peopl and it help you srech thing too I can have a brother that I never knew before then you can find that brother. Then I can talk to my firend online if I go to myspace or @CAPS1 because you can in @MONTH1 be have firend on myspace, and by srech this you can find new thins and you can look up this like weather in a different country or state I can find out how cold it is in taxes and you can srech an up to see how old it can be. Or how old it can get."	2	2	4
895	"I am so happy, I just finished my school report on @PERSON1 and I didn't even need to leave my house. I was able to talk with my classmate and ask her questions online. I also managed to get all the information just from my computer. I also learned how to row a boat, to show my class how @LOCATION1 crossed the @CAPS1 river, I learned that by taking on online course. This is one situation why computers have fantastic effects on people in everyday situations. Local research show that @PERCENT1 of @CAPS2 planning their vocation use the internet. The reason these citizens use internet is to get the information about the hotel and vacation cite. That is one way that makes computers helpful and positive devices, beacuse it makes it easier for busy @CAPS2 to get ready for a trip by looking at pictures of the hotel online and getting all the info they need. Doctor @PERSON2 of @CAPS4 university says ""computers now offer programs that allow busy @CAPS2 to learn a new skill, @PERCENT2 of @CAPS2 currently use this software. ""@CAPS7 everyday @CAPS2 don't have time to go out a join a group or class to learn new skills. That is why computers are so helpful and people just love them. Instead of leaving home they can be cooking, doing yoga, or speaking a new language all from their computer at home. That is another reason why computers are useful in vey positive ways. Imagine forgetting your homework at school and not be able to an A in that class. Well because of computers forgetful students can talk to a classmate online and get the homework and do it. Or they could even use the internet to go to that school website and find the homework and print it out. Many students around the country forget homework once in a while, because of helpful computers they can fix their problems easily. Let's recap, students or adults can get information off the internet for projects or even vacations. Busy @CAPS2 who don't have time to leave their house can take a class or learn a new skill right on the computer. Anyone can use the internet to talk or chat online to get school work or to long distance friends. That is why the effects on computers to people are nothing but positive. Now what can you do? It is important that computers stay in our lives, they are helpful and we have learned to live with them, which is why they must stay. This benefits you because newspaper houses are organized by computers and it keeps you business running."	4	5	9
896	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 computers hold exclusive inofrmation, I do not believe the have a good effect on people. The majority of students today crowd around a computer while they can be taking care of their body. Such as excersising or just going outside. People need to enjoy the wonders of nature instead of sitting on a computer. Not only will computers impact people, but it @MONTH1 also impact family in friends. There will be less interacting time a risk by going on a computer. Different websites can expose the wrong thing and get you into trouble. I firmly believe that computers have hamble affects on people. In @LOCATION1 today, we are already loaded with obese poeple. @NUM1 outof @NUM2 people are not physically healthy and a majority of obese people today state that they do own a computer. Computers attract people and same @MONTH1 sit at the computer for hours at a time what about excersising or enjoying the outdoors? Computers damage our bodies in a way by luering ourselves in while we can go out and enjoy nature. I definatly will argue this fact that computers have a bad effect on humans. Computer change not only the body, but mind. My sister has a computer in her bedroom and I barely see her at all. She stays up there all the time, and when my mom calls for dinner, it takes more than five @CAPS2 to get her away from her computer. Computers affect people because they keep humans away from civilization. Friends and family are impacted by the lack of interaction from one person. It's disrespectful to take time away from your friends to play on computers. This ruins many peoples social health, because the more they ignore their family or friends, these people will stop trying to interact with them. When these computer finatics came around, there want be anyone there for them. Computers definatly have an unhealthy affect on people who use them. How would you feel if tons of your personal info got out into the public. Nowadays, computers have a major chance to do that to you. Websites like @CAPS4, mysapce, or twitter have your information, and with a click of a button, it can be exposed to the world. Computers have a background of doing this kind of effect on people. Some dont understand what they are doing and if bad info or a picture sends out, it can fully negatively impact your career or edecation. Computers help people to make wrong choices and there is no doubt people should let up on the time they spend on the internet. Many agree, computers disadvantage many people in their own way. Whether it is by taking their health away because it keeps many indoors, or if it costs you your friends and family, computers are not good for your physical and social health. Computers can send out information and they are risky. They will majority impact your future and impact all people in a bad way."	5	5	10
897	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 we all know more and more people are using computers. Some believe that this would be a concern because it affects peoples health. I believe that with the advances in technology it would give us positive effects on people. Here are three reasons why, first would be that with advances in tech. It would teach us to be more intelligent. Second would be it it would give us the ability to have access to intresting things we can't get at the library like biographics and finally access to communicate online. My first reason @CAPS2 I mentioned before was it would give us intelligence. If we have questions to something we dont know we could search on the computer and find our answer. We would learn this and would be able to teach others. The computer can give us alot of useful information that can benefit us in the future. My second reason is that advance in tech. would help us because it give us access to helpful website that teaches us. Not all information is found in the library the computer has access to biographics educational website and most important the access to educational advances for example online tutoring for students with difficulties in school. My third and final reason why advance in tech. would and could benefit us is that it gives us access to online communication. Some people will have e-mail for good reason for example teachers have e-mail for educational cause if a student is having problem in work, the student simply send the teacher a e-mail of the what the students difficulty is and what the student can do. That is all I have to say for now. I hope you think about this"	3	4	7
898	"Dear local newspaper, I've heard that you were taking a survey to see if people believe in computers or not. Well I'm someone who does because they can talk to there family and friends on sites like facebook, myspace, & aim. They can also exercise on the internet because if they go to youtube, then they can find different types of positions that they can do. Today, over @NUM1 people use computers and it is like @PERCENT1 adults anfd @PERCENT2 children use computers which means that more kids today are doing athletic sports. The adults use computers for there work ability and in schools. At newspaper places, they need to have a computer just to type the daily papers and if there's no compers, then how ill the type there work. As people get home from wherever, and they didn't get the daily paper, the you can go online and look at it. For students, computers are so important to us because we get to talk to our friends and when we need to look up something, we just go to the internet. In some schools, they have really big books for different classes that they need to bring home. And that's bad for your back, so then schools came out with the books online. For those people who love sports, you can look up you favorite team and see if they won that weeks game. There is also vertual sport games that you can play for that is on the computer. When you first move somewhere oout of town, you can go to google and see where is a good town to live in and a good school system that you would want your child to go to. But there is so man things that you can do online and on computers. So thanks for letting me help you with your decision."	4	4	8
899	"Dear Newspaper, Computers are high tec and have expanded in an everyday thing. They play a big role in society. Computers have been improved to do many different things without them we would barely get any thing done. Although kids should start goind outside more, computers teaches kids new things, and it is useful. With computers kids are rarely going outside. A lot of our population of the @LOCATION1 are obese, including kids. Because of this they are staying inside and on their computer. Kids need to go outside evry once and while to get some fresh air and exercise. If they limit their time on the computer and do some active game it would be better for the child. Since computers are rapidly growing and adapting kids spend half of the day on it just stareing at the screen playing some flash game, like run escape. Instead of wasteing their time doing that they should go outside, take a walk just do something! Computers teaches kids new things. Google something like trees. You would get bunch of websites containg information about trees. Kids also play games, if they don't know it, some of the games they play are teaching them stuff, for an example, my little sister, goes on a site called nickeloden.com I see that right and it teaches her stuff she didn't know before. from those types of games it prepared her for kindergarden. Now a days more and more sites keep adapting and becoming known like bing. Computers are real useful. suppose you want to know whats goind on at work. So click your mouse on internet explorer and get your email. With computers, you could go on social networking sites, like facebook and connect with friends. You can also go on instant messageing site to talk to friends and see what there up to. For your entertainment you could play games. Remember though to not stay on too long. Computers are big deal in our community. Life would be very difficult without them. But remember not to stay on too long! Although kids should start going outside, computers, teaches kids new things, and is useful."	5	4	9
900	"Dear @CAPS1, Computers have been an incredible help to many people as they advance in knowlege. But, many people do not think about the negative affects of computers. Computers make research easier to find, and they organize data well and quickly. Computers make comunication easy, but there are many negative affects as well as positive. Chat rooms on computers are a great way to communicate quickly, but they can also be dangerous. More and more kids are spending time on computers, rather than outside excersising and communicating with friends and family. Chat rooms are commonly used by kids as well as adults. Kids use them to talk with friends, make plans, and catch up relatives. But kids aren't the only people that use chat rooms. Adults use them too. Some for good, others for bad. Adults sometimes have chats for their work to talk with their fellow workers. They can communicate easily what has been done and what needs to be done at the office such as what bills have been paid. This is a good way for workers to know whats going on outside of the office. There, are many other useful advantages of computers. Some other advantages of computers are the computers functions. Computers are good for finding information quickly. Computers are useful to find information for school projects. Computers can also take that information, and organize it on graphs, and computer programs such as microsoft powerpoint. Other pluses about computers, are that they can teach hand-eye coordination. Typing can help majority with this. Typing is also another advantage. If people don't have great pendmanship, they can use a computer to type essays, homework, and school projects. This makes reading the assignment easier for the student as well as the teacher. There are many advantages to computer, but there are also disadvantages. More and more kids are spending is their free time on the computer, instead of ouside exercising. This is causing kids to become less active. Being in a chat room all day is also a disadvantage. Kids today are using a new language in chat rooms as well as texting. They are using abrevations for words and phrases, such as ""idk"" for ""i dont know"". This language is damaging how kids read and write. Although chat rooms on computer can be useful, they can do also be dangerous. Kids as well as adults go into chatrooms and talk to other people, saying invalid information about themselves. Such as age. Some adults go into chat rooms and pretend to be a teenager. They talk to kids until they find out something like an address, phone number, school, and district. Once they got information like that, they can find out many other things about kids. this is extremely dangerous and unfortunately, it does, and has happened. As you can see there are many advantages as well as disadvantages. I believe, if people can find a balance between them, people will agree more about computers. In my opinion computers are handy, but dangerous. If kids are more careful online, and spend more time outside than on the computer, there would be less controversy. Parents would be less concerned about their childs safety and health if kids only used computers for homework, and were safe about who they talk to online. Also, what kids say in profiles. If all of this happened, there would be a balance, and I think people would be less drasticly over a period of time, and people would be more comfortable."	4	5	9
901	"Dear local newspaper, I disagree with the affects that computers have on kids. Computers lets kids do what they want and They dont have to travel far to see certin things. Like if you wanted to see the @LOCATION1's @CAPS1 your not just going to get a plane and fly there when you could get pics and information right on the computer in a couple minutes. Its good if you want to see it in person but you wont want to pay money for plane tikets or travel really far when you can just see it from home. Computers have a lot of fun stuff on them like myspace, @CAPS2, and games also its got almost everything you can think of. So why travel when you can see all of it on your computer. I think that computer can sometimes be a little adictive but you got to learn to stay off of it most of the time but it is very easy to learn stuff on a computer. Computers are used by billions and they a great way to learn stuff about are whole world and the things that are on it. It has information web sites like google or bing to look up anything you want to look up. Computers are almost everywhere in phones, I-pods, and even some are put in car like police cars. Computers are very useful to people of the world @DATE1 I bet that the people who make them will make new ones that can go on almost everything. They have computers in almost every building like hospitials, fire stations, police stations, and electronic stores like radioshack. Your going to learn a lot more on computers than having to travel places and or school. In my mind we should all have computers because there fun and you can learn about everything you could think of so we should all have them. So i think that computers are very useful and can teach you a lot about the things that go on in our world to day so I disagree with what scientist or people say about computers and the affects it has on certin people of @DATE1."	4	4	8
902	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 I am going to inform you that more and more people are using computers then spending time with their family. I agree with the effects computer haves on people, because one it allows us to access information, two it allows us to interact with people. And three because it helps us updated on what is happening in sports or everything. My first reason why we should use computers is because it gives us information, like the weather reports, school openings, delays, and closings. It also tell's us how @LOCATION1 has been after the earthquake. It tells us alot of stuff. It allow's to go to other websites to find information to. And it allow's us to have fun and play games on the internet. It can help us on our homework. And it can help us find things like job and other stuff. My second reason why we should use computers is because we can ineract with people. We can talk to people weve never ever met before. We can find information about them and tell us how is their life litte. it can help police find info about their criminals and track them down so they can them. It is better and faster than using the phone to talk to them. And it can make people have fun which will make them stay on the computer for a long period of time. My third reason why we should use computers is because it would keep us updated on and for these who love to watch it would tell us the most recent on teams and players. And if you a sports fanatic you can be able to watch live games on the computer. And we can be able to post games and have a chance to see the players talk to their fans. In conclusion this why we should use computers because it can give us information all over the world, two it can allow us to interact with people weve never met before. And three it will keep us updated on sports we like to catch especially if your a sports fanatic."	4	4	8
903	"To the Local Newspaper, Computers have a heavy impact on, todays society. People depend on them a lot but same people disagree. I think that computers have a positive affect on people. Computers are very entertaining. They can help find long lost friend and keep in contact with them. Plus they can be helpful with homework. Please proceed on reading to see as why I chose these resons. Firstly, computers can entertain. The are thousands of games to chose from. Dress up to educational. Which are good for young children of age five through six. As it states in the writing prompt it teaches hand-eye coordination. In addition to my first reason, computers help long lost friends. There are websites that help you find people. For example @CAPS1, @CAPS2, and yahoo. These websites help keep in touch to, with family. If theres no phone then theres always the computer. Lastly, computers can be helpful with homework. Sometimes you don't even need internet theres a calculator built right in! But a nationwide website thats used and children improve from it is edhelper.com. This website does work sheets and helps with the level the child is on. In conclusion, I think that computers do have a good impact on people. They are entertaining, keeps in contact, and helpful with homework. Please take my reasons into consideration."	4	4	8
904	"Currently, there has been a debate on whether or not computers benefit society. Some people, say that computers enable internet conversations between friends, and computers pass off information about faraway places and people. However, I tend to believe that the computer is not necessary. People exploit most of their time on comptuers, reducing their exercise time. Not many pay attention to nature, and instead of talking to friends in the internet, why not meet them at the park? Many people who use their computers reducing their metabolism. This is one reason why the @LOCATION1.A has the highest obesity rates in the world. In addition, the less you exercise, the less healthy you will be, and the more pair you'll recieve, you will feel more tense if your muscles are not exercise. If we, as @CAPS1, continue to lack exercise, there won't be many possibilities for us in the future. Isn't it difficult to know that people pay too much attention to the computer when there are endangered species in nature? Pandas! polar bears, whales of different types, and other creatures all need our help to fight this extinction problem. Unfortunately, we pay much of our attention on the computer, with consideration, as humans, we make things possible, so we should help creatures in need to survive for generations. Perhaps we @MONTH1 learn more about these creatures if we take time off of the computer to do so. Perhaps we will find nature more interesting. Why do we have text messaging in our computers if we have the ability to talk to our frinds in a park? We have the freedom of speech in the @LOCATION1. Our families need help occasionally, but sometime we're not available. While reducing our social life, our computer hours are becoming more important, and are distracting what's mos important. In conclusion, computers hours, you must think about what can be done for nature, for your health, and for your family and friends."	4	5	9
905	"Dear @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 your computer ever crashed, and you needed to do a presentation? Well if so, that means you probably had to do your presentation on paper, the old fashioned way. Recently, there @CAPS1 been a debate going on between experts about computers. Some think they make your life more efficient while others think they make you spend too much time on them rather than outdoors. I believe that computers make our lives easier and that the advances in technology have a positive effect on people. I think this because it teaches you skills and updates you on info. around the world, it's efficient for work and helps the environment, and lastly, it let's people stay in touch. Computers have a positive effect on people because it let's family members stay in touch. Emails are an example of this. Instead of mailing a letter, you are electronically sending it. The person recieves it quicker and can answer ina more timely manner. Also, social networking sites help families keep in touch. One example of this is facebook. You can see what the person is doing and chat with them using facebook chat. I relate to this. My cousin lives in @LOCATION2, so I don't see him a lot. Through facebook, we can talk and update each other on our lives. Lastly, you can see pictures of your family. Many families have accounts on photo sharing sites. This enables them to see pictures or recent vacations or sporting events. They can comment and every member of the family can see how everyone looks/changes throughout the year. That is how computers let people stay in touch. Another reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because it teaches you skills and updates you on information. Computers teach you hand-eye coordination. When you type with a keyboard, you have to know where each letter is. This makes it possible to lok at the screen to recognize my errors. Hand eye coordination is a good skill for everyone to know. Computers update you on world news. Many homepage on the internet have news engines built into them. These news engines keep people updates on major news events. For example, the war in @LOCATION5, or more recently, the @LOCATION3 and @LOCATION4 earthquakes. Without the internet, we would be very behind on important news updates around the world. My last reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because it is efficient for work and they help the environment. Computers help the environment because you are not using as much paper. Throughout the year, @CAPS2 use billions of sheets of paper to write letters. With computers that number goes down into the thousands. Why you @MONTH1 ask? Emails don't recquire paper. They are electronic, which means no paper. They are also environmentally friendly because news paper companies are going out of buisness. Due to online news paper news is becoming less and less popular. Computers are efficient for work because it is so easy to make presentations. There are so many programs to use, that making a big presentation could take minutes. That is why computers make work easy but help the environment at the same time. As you can see, computers have many positive effect on people. They let family members stay in touch, they teach you skills, and they are efficient for work while being environmentally friendly. That is why I believe computers have a positive effect on people. Let me ask you this question again. @CAPS1 your computer ever crashed when you needed to do a big project? Now you know that computers make life efficient. What would you do without them? So now it's your turn, go out and buy a computer because you will be thankful you did."	5	5	10
906	"Dear @LOCATION1, I believe that going on the computer has a positive effect on people. It is also true that some people are not getting enough exercise. To prevent not getting enough exercise we should play sports or have family activities to atleast get out of our house. Everybody needs to stop being lazy and get active. I think that an excerise day should be mode and turned into a tradition. It could be twice a year or more a month or whatever is picked as long as there is one day @LOCATION2 or even more than @LOCATION2 can exercise on."	2	3	5
907	"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, Are you aware that more than @PERCENT1 of @CAPS2 families have ownership to a computer? Maybe so, but, were you informed that at least half of that @PERCENT1 have family issues or such related The issue in bond is if computers have a possitive effect or negetive effect on mankind. In @CAPS4 opinion, I feel that this invention @MONTH1 be is taking a negetive toll on society. I say this because now-a-days there are inappropriate websites that children should veiw, and it takes away time with family. But mainly because of the recent @CAPS3 issue. Without a doubt, youngsters such as are expertly and a website, we'll just do as we were told and on maybe we could find one by an accident. Who knows? All I know is, there too many to count adult websites that children from the ages of @DATE1 log on to everyday. This is unacceptable on a person why we should be prohibited in computers. No responsible parent would be caught dead with a @NUM1 year old on an adult website and computers make it harder such parents to do so. With such experience computers take away time with and when I had @CAPS4 computer, @CAPS4 always now we never spent time with her. She said the other day do I peel bananas,"" if i never got out on the computer, you would be right now,"" she was right. Whenever @CAPS4 brother and I got on the computer we'll stay in the all day. But every we've been together much @CAPS4 now and I feel that computers have a negetive effect on society is because of the recent @CAPS3 I was called to the office one day to be informed that a crew on @CAPS3 com had befriended me and they were using boys and girls for drugs and prostitution. People take advantage of computers and end reading peoples infos. This could have been prevented but it wasnt. Now it's your chance, I hope you will feel the same way as me when it comes to the negetives and positives of computers. But remember, computers have keep more websites that aren't good for young kids, it takes away time from family, but mainly because of the recent @CAPS3 issue."	4	5	9
908	"@ORGANIZATION1, @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people surveyed in @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 agree that the use of computers benefits society. I personally concern with these @NUM1 people, computers have a positive effect on people. There are multiple reasons why I think the use of computers really benefits society, including it can teach good hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn abour faraway places and people, and even allow people to talk online with other people. Once again I do believe computers can have a positive effect on people. First of all, its's a proven fact that most sports on physical exercise to involve hand-eye coordination to some extent. The computer can help reach people from a very young age good hand-eye coordination. When a person uses a computer they have to keep an eye on the screen but still be able to use the mouse or keyboard. This takes alot of coordination if you think about why don't even love to look at the mouse on keyboard when they are typing, they just know where everything is. People disagree with what I'm saying often use the excuse that when people spend to much time on the computers they aren't getting enough exercise. However, I believe that is not true. The hand-eye coordiantion people learn on the computer help to improve their skill and coordiantion in sports, for example in baseball a person has to be looking at the ball to catch it, but at the samee time they have to move their arm to catch it. That is were the hand-eye coordiantion helps. This proves that computers can benefit society through teaching people hand-eye coordiantion. In addition to this @PERCENT1 of teachers at @ORGANIZATION2 believe that computers can be used as a great tool to help students learn. Computers give people the ability to learn about far away places and people. They give people acess to information about a foreign place or people be available in or other resources areas. On the computer one can go to a search sight and type in my place in the whole world. Then all they have to do is search and they have dozens of with information of that place and pictures, @CAPS2 are a society that is advencing in technology people are learnings learn and they can wtih great the of a button. In addition is think it's also a tool in schools. Teachers can have students do projects about different countries on people and the student can easily that the information on the computer. Computer benefit society in the way that they can teach about different loaction and people. Computers can help people become interested in these different topics and @MONTH1 be even inspire some people to go to these faraway places or hack different people. Finally, @NUM4 out of @NUM5 people asked had some kind of way to contact with people online, whether it was through email or facebook. Computers allow people to take online with other people. In our modern society it is very important that a person has friends, are great why to keep in with friends, if live very far away from you on it haven't to them in a while connecting them on the computer is a great way to keep i touch. Those who disagree with my opinion believe that spending time on the computer means less time with family and friends. I believe taht is just the opposite. Since @CAPS2 are living in modern ages families understand that kid leaves to college they might be going far away or even across the country. Having computer allows that family to chat an easy way to keep in contact talk with each other. People talking each other on line is just another way how computers benefit society. Its now or never! Computers can have benefit society. They reach people hand-eye coordiantion can be use all through our life. Most importantly they give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people. Lastly they allow people to talk online with others. @CAPS2 are living a modern time, society is advancing everyday and computers are a huge part of it! They are having a positive effect on people."	4	5	9
909	"@ORGANIZATION1, @DATE1, people have been doing less exercise and not enjoying the great outdoors. They're some people that are having less family and friends times. I say "its computers!" This machine is a great resource, but people are starting to get adicted to it. We need to reach a messgae to those people. Yesterday, I went to my local library and found @NUM1 computers in the library. All of the computers were filled with people and, a line with @NUM2 people ready to go on next. I ask those @NUM2 people "why were they there?" "for homework" said a teenager. Another, "just to come and paly". I also ask, "how do they stay fit?" "I don't like @CAPS1 fit" said beautiful lady. "@CAPS1 fit isn't esay if your always on the computer" said the teenager. The response I got from those people, were unbelievable. If we don't stay fit how are we going to survivie from all these dieases and cancer. This reason has pently to do witj not @CAPS1 fit. I don't know about you but I care about my family, I would never spend the rest of my life infront of a computer instead of my love ones. In the of , I was surprise to find out that projects, homework and research can take up half of your time, with your family. Do the computer, you can find some resort for you and your friends and fanily, you can't be doing for more than minutes. The great out doors should be one of the best places to be. because it quit, its amazing and its a large area. If you looking up the out doors on a computer, now thats a of time, that you could have been with a family member in the or where ever. My father says its great to buit its to live it. The days are getting shorter lets live it like."	4	4	8
910	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4, Are you always telling your kids to do their homework and get off the computer? Well, I might just be able to help. Computers do not benefit our society today. People are spending to much time on them; not enjoying the outdoors, and are taking away time to spend with friends and family. I believe having a limit each day on your computer might help solve these problems. The computers can be very distracting and you can use them too offten. Stairing at the computer screen can damage your eyes and kill brain cells. Thats one thing kids and adults dont notice. You need your brain cells for school. Joins and other activities, computers can also distract you from completing work, and then you have to stay up late to finish homework should come before the computer. Time flys by as your clicking and typing. The next thing you know as it's ten o'clock and your work is not completed. Since my schedule is so busy after school. I try to complete my work, then go to the computer before dance. This way I am my friends and relax. Taking time away from the computer is a smart idea. As it comes to @DATE1 time the weather is going to be beautiful and you don't want to waste a pretty day on the computer, @CAPS5 human body needs oxygen. Clearly, computers don't supply that. A great way to recieve oxygen is going outside for some exersize and energy. Playing outside can offer a lot more than a computer. You can swim, jump, or play sports. My doctor once told me, "" Everyone should have atleast an hour of exersize a day. ""You can't accomplish that by sitting at your computer. Next time there is sunshine out, no matter what season it is, go outside and take a break from electronics. Spending time with family and friends is a fun way to stay off the computer. Friends and Family are not people to take advantage of. They are people who are there for you when you are down and make you laugh. When your relatives come to town that you havn't seen in a while, You don't want to spend it on the computer. Talking and catching up with one another is a great way to re-connect. During family holidays, we don't bring our computers. We shut them off to spend time with each other. Friends and family are special gifts. So, don't throw away friendships or relationships with your family. Get away from the computer and bond. (did not finish)"	5	5	10
911	"Dear @CAPS1, Experts agree that people go outside and exercising because their are three reason why people should go outside and there are: people don't have a lot of exercising, they can hang out with their friend and family, and people and kid should enjoying the outsid nature. Let me explain, people and kids these days do have alot of exercising. People who don't exercising can gran weight if they don't exercising at all. Also, parents and kids who spend all day on their computer or laptop can be over weight. Kids these day, have hard time to exercising because there are over weight by staying on their computer and play their computer game. Wouldn't you agree the kids and adults can hang out with there frienda and family. Kids need to stop going on the computer and go outside more offing with their friend or family. You might want to consider that parent need to spend time with there friend and family then staying on the computer at home. Don't you think that people should go outside and enjoying the nature. Amazingly, people know what nature is but the don't know what the true meaning of nature is! Adult should spend time by going outside then stayin at their house because @PERCENT1 of the world dont have computer at all."	4	3	7
912	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 have many debated on whether computers are good or bad. @CAPS6, I believe that computers aren't as good as many people think. Ever since computers were invented people haven't been exercising. Also less kids are reading. Lastly computers are taking away family time. When was the last time you saw a kid outside doing something active such as running or playing a sport? If you haven't it's probably because they are inside with their eyes glued to a computer screen. Exercise is a big part in staying healthy and fit. More kids are becoming over weight everyday. Computer are just another reason why. I had a friend who used to spend all her time on the computer. She became very lazy. She never wanted to exercise or doing anything active. Little by little she started gaining weight. This is happening all around the world and it need to @CAPS4! What's your reading level? @CAPS3 are students in @NUM1 grade with a @NUM2 grade reading level. Part of the reason is because they rather use their free time on the computer instead of picking up a book. Schools now do program called @CAPS5 @NUM3. This program is designed to help students improve their reading levels. I believe that if students would turn off the computers long enough and @CAPS5 we wouldn't need this program. My mom makes sure I @CAPS5 for at least @NUM4 mins everyday. Every student do the same. I remember a saying ""family time is golden time"" @CAPS6, now a days no one spends time with their family. Once again computers have played a part in this too. It's not just kids who have droped family time for computer time. It's adults too. I think the last time I spent some time with my family was about @NUM5 weeks ago when my grandparents came to visit. After that everyone went right back to staring at computer screens. In conclusion, the computers"	4	5	9
913	"Dear Local Newspaper, Computers have a humongous positive effect on people. I support advances in technology. It's @DATE1; we shouldn't be finsing information in books or writing everything by hand anymore. Life has gotten easier for everyone. Everyone can use the computer for communication with friends or family. We are able to learn things quicker by using computers. Working citizens use computers to help them with important jobs! Everything is done on computers! Computers serve as a great source of communication. Having a @CAPS1, @CAPS2, or @CAPS3 account allows you to chat with people all over the world. It's much easier to talk to someone online for long periods of time because you won't have to pay for phane minutes! Even @CAPS4 chats are avaibale for computer users. Having a @ORGANIZATION1 or @CAPS5 allows you to do a video chat with someone. It makes you feel like thay are actually there in the room with you. If you have a close friend who moved across the country, then these ways to communicate would be very helpful to you! You cant have these accounts without a computer; therefore, we need computers! Computers have made our generation very intelligent. We can easily look up facts about anything on the computer. Now, if there's something we're curious about, we can just look it up on google. In the past, we wouldn't feel like looking in a book so we waid forget about it. Kids could get help with homework online if they are too shy to ask another person. At this point in time, we could even take online college courses! Being able to go to college at home can really come in handy in some people. Computers help us with our education. Adults who go to work everyday really need to use computers! people working in the medicine field, use computers to keep track of all their patients. Now @CAPS6 use computers to organize lesson plans and print out reminders for their students. Scientists use computers to do research on things for their ecperiments. Engineers use programs on the computers to help design what they are going to build. Computers wvwn allow you ti advertise your small business or company to the whole entire world. Computers have a really positive effect on jobs in our society, which is a good thing for our economy! Computers benifit us physically, mentally, and socially. Certain computer games can improve our hand eye cordination. We can learn about many things from computers! They really make us more intelligent! Computers give us a way to communicate with long distance friends and family. Websites like @CAPS7-@CAPS8 even give adulsts a chance to find their soulmate online! The positive effects of computers on people are infinite, but we need to learn not to take them for granted."	5	4	9
914	"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 do you feel about the advantages and disadvantages of owning a computer? I think that computer help in many different ways. Computers teach hand-eye cordination, helps us learn, and we can even talk online with friends and family. Do you ever think about @CAPS1 you computer can help you phisicly? Many parents state that, ""@CAPS2 spend to much time on the computer!"" but what they don't know is that the computer is teaching them hand-eye cordination. Parents argue that kids wagh more because they sit inside on the computer, but if they do sertain things to limit the @CAPS2 like only goind on sertain games, limiting there time on the computer, or making them play outside the same amount of time they were on the computer the kids could be learning while still staying fit. This is why a computer could be a way important part of a childs life if used properly. What is you method of learning? Maybe you read books, go to school or even watch @CAPS3. But what if you arn't at school, or have any books around? What if your @CAPS3 isn't telling you what yo need to know? Well, with a computer you can look up almost anything with just few clicks of a button. If you don't have time to take a trip to you local library to a book, @CAPS1 would you learn? As teen who attends school I know that I would not be able to do a lot of my school work and projects without my computer. A lot of the at home jobs today require computers, and without the computers the job would not be getting done. This is why I think computers benifit our society and knowledge. Does everyone you know live in one are? Probably not this is why websites like @CAPS5 and @CAPS6 are getting more and more members each day. Ther internet helps us keep intuch with relatives friends and ever helps us meet new people. I know that the internet helps me heep in tuch with old friends."	5	4	9
915	"Dear @CAPS1 local @CAPS2, I think that computers are on positive effect on people. @CAPS6 you think that there positive on people? Well I'll give you @NUM1 reasons why you should say ""@CAPS8"" @NUM2) teaches hand-eye coordination @NUM3) abiliy to learn and get your @CAPS3 online @NUM1) you can talk to people all of the world. These are @CAPS1 @NUM1 reasons. @CAPS1 first reason is hand-eye coordination. If you have hand-eye coordination, you can @CAPS6 anything. This can help you get a job and even help with a sport you like. Having hand-eye coordination is important because were in @DATE1 everything goes around by computer and cell phones. This is @CAPS1 first reason. @CAPS1 second reason, how the computer can teach people things. The internet has a lot of web sites about how to get your @CAPS3 online. And you can take online classes. There is a @PERCENT1 drop-out rate and @PERCENT2 of those kid don't have there @CAPS3, so they go online to take there classes. The computer can really help you. This is @CAPS1 second reason. Finally, people go online to chat rooms to talk and met new people. Meeting new people is a good thing to @CAPS6. You can learn about where and how the person lives. Chats rooms are cool to. You can go online and talk to your friends without wasteding your phone minutes. The computer can help in many ways. @CAPS1 last reason. OK, I'm done but @CAPS6 you remember that question I asked you? (@CAPS6 you the computers are a positive effect on people?) @CAPS7 @CAPS6 you think? I hope you say "" @CAPS8, they are an positive effect "". But any ways those are @CAPS1 @NUM1 reasons why. P.S. I hope you go out and buy a computer after reading this!! "	4	4	8
916	"To: @CAPS1 this letter concerns, Computers are apart of our daily life. You can do many things on them such as play games, watch videos, search the web, and even communicate with people from all over the world. They are very useful for people who go to school bacause you can complete and save work for your classes. Sure maybe some people are addicted to the computer but others use it only when they need to. Computers have a massive affect on some peoples life. Sitting around on the computer all day can be harmful but informative in many ways. One of the informative ways is that you learn new information every time you log on. That is why I think the computer has a great effect on people."	3	3	6
917	"One evening, @CAPS1 I got home from school, I didn't know what I had for homework. I decided to call my friends cell phone, but instead I got her voicemail. I left her a voicemail and called her house phone instead, the same thing bad happened. Luckily, I had my other friends numbers I could use. The next day, I asked her why she didn't pick her cell and house phone. She told me ""I'm sorry, I guess I was to busy on the computer e-mailing other people."" @CAPS1 I think of people being on the computer too much, I think they don't get enought exercise, don't enjoy nature, and spend less time with family and friends. First @CAPS1 people spend too much time on the computer, they spend less time excersising. About @PERCENT1 of people do this and it's not healthy. @CAPS2 people do this too often, then they will not get enough excercise and without excersise then they won't be healthy @CAPS1 they get older. @CAPS3 @PERSON1 said ""@CAPS2 adults spend too much time on the computer, maybe @NUM1 hours a day or more while eating junk food like chips and soda, they are not setting a good example for their kids. @CAPS2 adults get into this bad habit, so will their kids and it's to early for kids to be unhealthy."" I also agree with @CAPS3 @PERSON1, she is right about how people spend too much time on the computer. Second, @CAPS1 people are on their computer, its like their face is glued to the screen and they don't care about nature, @CAPS1 people do this, I can't stand it. Its like they don't care about anything else. What I don't get is why can't they go outside and do something for at least a half hour, then go back to the computer and waste their time then? Going outside and enjoying nature is peaceful on a nice sunny clay. You could have a picnic, take a hike, or even hang out with friends instead of playing on the computer. I understand @CAPS2 its a bad day like @CAPS2 its snowing or a thunderstorm and you can't do anything outside, then you go on the computer. I think that at least @PERCENT2 of people would try this. Third, @CAPS2 people are too busy on the computer then they won't be able to hung out with friends or family. @CAPS2 your friends want to hang out with you and they want to go to the mall. But you can't because your on the computer, she would be furious at you. You picked the computer over your friends to go to the mall. There's probably a @PERCENT1 chance she won't ever talk to ou again. and I don't blame her. People who spend to much time on the computer, would barely understand whats going on. @CAPS2 someone tells you something, it goes in one ear and out the other. @CAPS1 people do this, its really dissappointing because you dont hang out as much as with your friends and family. As you can see, people are spending too much time on the computer than excersing, enjoying nature, and spending time with family and friends. @CAPS2 you ask me, I don't play on the computer as much which is a good thing."	5	6	11
918	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 reading your paper weekly and @CAPS2 up with local events, I was able to retrieve the information of a contreversy dealing with the effects of computers. I for one think that the computer was come to be one of the greatest inventions ever created. It was @CAPS3 changed our Society, and if you ask me, in a very posotive way. My first reason has to do with the knowledge that the computer possesses. You can practically discover anything in the blink of an eye, as opossed to a book or going to the library; which is very time consuming Not only does a computer take for less time to get information, it also holds a much large amount of information than a library can store. Computers hold knowledge on almost everything imaginable, but best of all, its right your fingertips. Another great characteristic of the computer, is it's ability to let people @NUM1 miles apart converse freely. This might just be the greatest thing about the computer. Chatting online completeley erases the hassel of @CAPS4 phone bills and carrying around cell phones, You can speak with friends half way around the world with no cost to you, amazing!!! The one thing that is faulty about the computer is it's overusage by children although this is a significant problem, it is not the computer's fault. Kids should no the limit. There should be @ORGANIZATION1 for both being on the computer and for excersise and fun with friends this problem has most likely influenced many to com to dislike the computer, but you must understand that the time children spend on the computer is entirely up to him/her or the parents. In @CAPS5 I hope I have persuaded you enough to agree with my thoughts and to give the computer a chance, im sure you'll be satisfied."	4	4	8
919	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1 I belive that computers benifit society because it is a faster and easyer way to do thing such as. Communication, email helps comunicat with other people when you don't have time to talk on the phone at work or don't want to spend an hour on the phone. It is also faster than wating for them to anwer the phone and ther phone mite die. Or they wont answer and they need information fast. Another good thing about computers are looking up information like if you are going an atrip you can look up hotels find maps and plane tikets and see what the place will look like, or if you have a school project that you need to finish but you don't have time to read you go on the internet. If you have to look up a contry or a peresident or an animal or find picturs the internet has it all. Even bilding progects like plastering a wall bying a window or planting bilding a shed you can find direction and supplies you will need and the interent. Computer can even help someone at work like an arctech the can use computers to make a @NUM1 sketch of a bilding. Even for storing data like at the doctors ofice they keep you @CAPS1 in a computer. Or the goverment keeps secet @CAPS1 in computers. There ars still job like fixing computers bilding computers. This is why. I think computers are good for society becose without computers without computers same people want have a job and everything will be harder and be limited to sertan things like fast communication and work directions."	4	4	8
920	"Dear local newspaper, I strongly think we should have no more computers rather then looking on the computer. I strongly think this because this could cause serious damage to the eyes. My opinion for having computers is I don't think we should have them because you don't get enough exercise. You would just sit there looking at the computer all day. You would probley get all fat through the course of the year. You would be like a couch potato. My next opinion is we won't be able to get out of the house to see the beautiful nature. Like all the trees, flowers, wild life animals too. If you don't go outside there will be no fresh air for you. My last opinion is if we have computer. We won't be able to hang out with friends and family. You wont be able to see how big your family is. Or how small they are still small. Well these are my opinion's for having computers."	3	3	6
921	"Today more than @PERCENT1 of our population spends expensive amounts of time each day on the computer. I agree that having a computer in your home is benficial at time, but to me the disadvantages outway the advantages of spending to much time on a computer. Disadvantages such as cyber bullying, illegal websites, the criminals that use the internet to target days, and the interference that spending to much time on the computer has with your grades and other school work. I think that largest number of people affected by spending to much time on the computer are kids. Mostly kids right name from school, drop there backpack, and instead of sitting at the kitchen table or study area to do homework, they sit right down in front of the computer. Then what happens to that homework? It usually doesnt get done. That absence of homework could make an enourmous decline on a students average. However, homework is not the only school work effected by the computer. Even in school kids use internet on their cell phones. This provides a huge distraction for kids and usually ends up with the result of kids not completing the task asigned to them. Not getting work done is not the problem. Computer presents to kids through. It also helps with bullying; cyber bullying. Alot of kids are bullied and picked on the school but then that bullying carries itself to the childs home threw the computer. Once at home a kid can get hurtful emails or instant messages. These hurtful messages @MONTH1 do a lot more than just hurt someone feelings, it can hurt their self asteem and how they feel about themselves. Then as if cyber bullying and not doing homework werent bad enough. there are also criminals on the computer. These criminals prey on kids. They can find passwords to accounts. They can find out personal information about yoo because of how much time on the computer each day. Once they find out enough about you they use to it gain your trust and the problem only escalades from there. Although many kids are affected by the amount of time they spend on the computer each day, there not the only ones. Adults are affected just as much and just as easily. One thing that lvers adults in to spending all their time on the computer is all the ""great deals"" they can find on the computer. But many of these great deals come from fake or illegal websites. Websites that are selling stolen merchandise. Then show you all the benefits from buying from them and then once you believe them and buy what they are selling, they have all of your personal information. From their you can end up with an empty bank account or even identity theft. Does that realy sound a ""great deal?"" @CAPS1 to me the disadvantages of having a computer definetly out way the advantages of having a computer. I think that people need to step away from the computer desk, get good grades, avoid bullying and criminals. Keep there bank acounts full and there identity safe. Instead they should spend time outdoors, with family: or enjoying life!"	5	5	10
922	"@CITY1 @CAPS1, Computers are very helpful devices. Life would be very hard without them. Not only are the helpful, but they are fun and easy to use! I believe that computers have a great effect on people because you can keep in touch with family and friends, go on school websites and use search engines. Friends and family are extremely important in peoples lives. Computers can help you keep in touch with them! the @NUM1 applications that I mostly use are @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS2, and @CAPS3. @ORGANIZATION1 is a free online application that you can download to your computer, add your friends, and video chat! using this, I keep in touch with my @CAPS4, my friend who moved, and even a friend from @LOCATION2! @CAPS2 (@ORGANIZATION3 instant messeger) is where you can send messages to friends and get instant replies! It is just like text messaging, only through computers. Lastly, @CAPS3 is a website where you can add friends from all around the world! I am friends with tons of family that I don't get to see very often, a friend who moved to @LOCATION3, and many other people that have moves! @CAPS3, @CAPS2, and @ORGANIZATION1 are great ways to keep in touch with other people! When you are home sick from school and need to make up school work, instead of calling a friend from each of your classes, go to the school's webpage! All teachers should have their own website that you can get from there. On their pages, they should have posted homework, quizzes/tests schedule, favorite links, projects, and their e-mail address. I find this very helpful because even if you don't understand you homework, you can e-mail you teacher! Not only do school website have teachers pages, but they also have lunch menus, events coming up, the school address and phone number, and many more! School could be a lot more difficult without a website. Do you ever have a question but nobody has the answer to it? www.Google.com has the answer to everything! you can find webpages, videos, pictures, translators, etc. Google is not the only search engine on the internet, there is also @CAPS6, @ORGANIZATION2!, @LOCATION4, @CAPS7, @LOCATION1, etc. These can all help you find answers, pictures, videos and many more! I often use these to find pictures for a school project, webpages for research, translators to check my spanish homework and videos to show my friends! if we did not have search engines, life would be a lot harder. Computers, as you can tell, are extremely helpful, easy, and fun to use. People love them and use them all the time. I hope that you agree with computers having a great effect on people! Staying in touch with family and friends, having a good education, and finding answers within a click is the easiest way to go!"	6	5	11
923	"Losing @CAPS1 to @ORGANIZATION1 are a huge part of daily life these days, which is good for businesses, and schools but for people just looking to pass time, computers are a dangerous choice. Yes, computers are a way of communication, and are helpful if a student forgets their homework or an assignment, but when it comes to boredome computers are bad. Social networking is scary in reality and too many young people are exposing themselves in making @CAPS2 or a @CAPS3 page. Also excersise is a big issue now and you aren't getting any by at a computer. On the other hand though, computers open up new worlds to people. You can type in any question or place into a search engine and instantly get results. Computers like anything else, are fine in moderation, but too much of one thing just isn't healthy. Websites like @CAPS2, or @CAPS3, or @CAPS6, are scary when it comes to privacy. There is very little privacy offered and your page can just be put out in the public. Also these w ebsites are addicting. You @MONTH1 just want to log on to check your notifications but you can end up on the computer for @NUM1 to @NUM2 hours without even realizing it. Other pass time could be running on a tredmill or jogging there dont have benefits. All you can get from an hour on the computer is blurred vision. It would be okay to be on the computer for 1/@NUM1 hour a day but not using to the internet. Websites can be a way to find computer time. Edline is homework or an assignment. Google is helpful for research or vocab work. When websites like these are the focus on computer time, it is much more productive. Overall, I believe that computers have a negative effect on people if as many people that use computers balanced that time with time to excersise, they would all be better off."	5	4	9
924	"Dear newspaper, I've read your article about peoples opinion on the affects of computers. I believe that having computers are a very good thing. With them we can talk to others from far away, and fast. You can learn a lot too. It also teaches hand-eye coordination. My first reason why they are good is because you ran talk to others. Without computers it would be almost impossible to meet people from far away and talk to them so easily. They even have webcams so you can see each other. You can use @CAPS1, @CAPS2, webcams, or even a simple comment on facebook or myspace. @CAPS2 or webcams are the quichest and maybe even coolest way. Secondly you can learn Computers have so many websites that give out alot of information and resent too. It's muchn easier to get on the internet and type something in then look threw a bunch of books.The internet has dictionaries, news stations, weather, history and where you can find things. With all that you dont even need books. They even have maps and you can print out directions. My final reason is because it teaches hand-eye coordination. When you first start using computers your normally pretty young, and sometimes you don't always type the fastest. Computers have become so advanced that there are even touch-screen and wireless mases. So when you first start you normaly look down to see what your writing, later, adults want you to look at the screen when that becames easy you know that your hand-eye coordination has grown alot better then when you stated. In conclusion I think that computers are a good part of everyday life and that there not bad. They are an easy communication between people, help you learn, and teach good and fast hand-eye coordination in kids."	4	4	8
925	"My oponion is computers should be used for many different purpuses. One reason is chating online with friends and family. Another reason is that if you are going far away and you know someone that can give you directions to where you are going then you can chat with them as they give you directions to where them as they give you directions to where your heading. Another reason is if you have family that does not live with you and you can't go an see them then you can chat with them. Another rwson is that of your going somewhere and you don't know the weather for the next day then you can go online and find out what's the weather for that day. Also if people really want to exercise then they can go on there computer and go to youtube and od exercise from there computer. Also if you want to see the @CAPS1 then you can search it on your computer to see what's going on. Lastly if you don't think it's rite for people to have computers then you should try to get one to see how much stuff you can do with it. You will be amazed. This is my reason why people should have computers to enjoy while chating, watching @CAPS1 and many other stuff that you can't probably imagine. Also, maybe kids should not have computers but they can get one when they get older. Also, if kids need to search from school then they can also do that there are many reasons why people should get computers. That my my opinion about why people should have computers."	3	4	7
926	"Dr. @DR1, The effects computers have on people and why people dont agrees that this benefits society and some people us it to be online to talk to friend and family. Whey people dont agrees to use the computer. First the computer we could use at for every thing like go to other place you want to visit. Then @CAPS1 you want to work or go to another school some you need to do it by computer. Why not try to use the computer. I know computer is a lot of money but sometime @NUM1 good to have it. @CAPS1 people are spending too much time on their computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. For example some family and friends are not in the same place and they cant see each other the could write to each other online @CAPS1 they dont have cell phone of house phone. Then @CAPS1 people want to enjoy other nature that they dont know the could use the computer and look for the place. The three reson is that people could do exercising trough computer. It dont mather @CAPS1 the spend a lot of time in the computer being people could be doing a lot of thing in the computer. Like student we do a lot of projet in the computer we search for any can or thing. So people think that compute is fun for them. Finally other people that don't agrees they should try it. That the effects computers have on people and why people dont agrees and spend time online."	3	4	7
927	"Personally I think computers have a good influence on people. There one of the greatest inventions.With computers you can listen to music or watch @CAPS1, research things for your projects, or just have a good time. Computers help people create, listen to, watch and make music and @CAPS1. When you have a computer you can get influenced by other musicians to create music. And where does eating that music need to go? Into a computer to add beats and different vocals. You can also watch @CAPS1 on there! Not exactly @CAPS1 but whatever show you'd like to see. Some people even create movies on special programs. Thats not all though. Alot of questions can be answered on the computer by doing research. Cures for different disease like cancer can be found. Even small research projects like ""Who founded @CAPS2"" can easily be found with one quick google search. Yeah we might be getting lazy but it makes peoples lives simpler. For instance intead of reading through dozens of books you could just search it on the internet for the answers. You can even take classes online not impressed? Another great effect of people on computers is socializing and having fun. Socializing over computers @MONTH1 not be as effective as socializing in person but it gives the quieter people. like me , a chance to say whats on their mind. Plus there wont be any of those akward silence moments like there usually seems to be on the phone. Oh, did I mention facebook. On how I love facebook. I get to keep in touch with my family and friends I no longer see. I used to have a very close friends, but after we switched schools I never heard from her. Until I found her on facebook. Same with many other people. And for the younger ones they'll be bored with the billions of games online. How could you go wrong? Sounds to me like computers have a positive effect on people. But what do you guys think. Can one big negative out weigh a ton of positve? I think not."	4	4	8
928	"Dear @CAPS1, I am writing to you to inform you that I agree with the followings said on the writing prompt. First, I will be talking about how people  use computer too much. Secondly, I would talk about people who talk online way too much. Lstly, I would say spending to much time on their computers. To start, people that use computers too much. First, people like to go on things such as myspace, secondly people like playing online games. ALstly, some people like to gosep to others online. For example, if you go to soemones house you are always going to see a young kid or a parent online somewhere or playing online gmaes. Also, peopel talk online way too much. First, they go to face book all the time. Secondly, they got ,myspace which you can get your identity stolen. Lastly, kids love to go on myspace it's the smae as myspace. for example, peopel might come to you and say do you have a so and so and sya can I get your eamail address. Certainly, spoending too much time on their computers is bad. first, kids might have problems online and to keep the problem to get worst. Secondly, might be argueing with a friend. Lastly, might nit be active but live playing or going other online websites. So @CAPS1 did you start to agree with why people should get active outside and have fun. In conclusion, this was why I agreed with beign active because being on the computer all day would get your and hard use too being on the computer @NUM1. "	3	3	6
929	"Your spending too much time on the computer your mom and dad well out. You relize it's time toget off and go outside. You spend about @PERCENT1 more or less on the computer each day, but @CAPS1 good reasons. You can multi task on it, you can talk to friends and family you haven't seen or talked to forever, and lastly, you can spend time outside as well as in side. @CAPS5 you were smart you would not listen to those experts Have you ever heard of the word multi tasking? It's were you can do more than on thing at a time, @CAPS1 example you car read and talk, or text and talk, or walk and be reading something. You have all these things you condo. Another example is when your on the computer you can listen to music and talk to friends or read. What you can even do is you can talk to your friends, listen to music, and do homework. What i mean when i say homework is when you have to type up an easy or something. The fourth and final examples is that about @PERCENT2 of us can multi task @CAPS2 of my friends told me that they just bought a laptop with a built in camera, @NUM1 now they can talk to people they haven't seen in a long time. ""I haven't seen my sister since she moved to california @NUM2 years ago, so i thougnt I would use the @CAPS3 on my laptop to se her."" @CAPS4 a mother of the @ORGANIZATION1. A computer or laptop can be good @CAPS1 talking to friends or family you haven't seen in a long time. Anouther from a student say's."" @CAPS5 you were smart, and understanding you would now why everyones on the computer so much"". When your on the computer and your friends start to talk to you about things you understand why, you ussaly don't see your friends unless its lunch"" or before class. Computers help talking to friends move easier than writing letters or waiting @CAPS1 calss to get out. You get off the bus and you relize that it's pur sunshine out. You decide to do some or all of your homework now so you can go out and play. Your outside @CAPS1 about a few hours. When you come in its around @NUM2:00 pm. You eat dinner and ya just want to unwind from the days gigantic adventure so you go on the computer. Ypu can go on the computer around like wild animals outside too. Only responside kids plan their time acordingly In conclusion it is important that you now that computers are good @CAPS1 multi tasking, talking to friends and family you havent seen in along time, and that you can go outside as well a stay inside now is the time to call, @CAPS5 you were smart you wouldn't listen to these experts."	4	4	8
930	"@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 is a lot of positive things about technology, especially computers. Computers gives you a chance to communicate with people from all around the world; also computers gives you the opportunity to go on educating websites, and last makes it easier to shop and pay bills. Talking to people from around the world can be interesting. Computers help you do that, using the internet. You can learn almost different people and their cultural background, or even talk to your friends and families that live in other cities, states, or maybe even countries. Yes, some people might say they cost too much, but that's really only a one ime price. Computers can be very helpful to students as well as teachers. That reason is because students can get homework help on educating websites. On the other hand it helpful for teachers because they can put their students grades online and won't have kids bugging you about what's their average in a certain class. Yes, I know their are bad unappropriate websites, but their are a lot of ways to block them. For an example I had a @CAPS2 in @CAPS3 and I needed a lot of help, and my teacher told me about a website called studyisland and by going on that everyday boosted my grade up to a @CAPS4. Computers give you a chance to get your bills paid and do some shopping for a cheaper price. Their are ways that your things that you buy online could come a few days late; but think about how much time and money your saving because you ordered offline instead of going to the store. But it's also very helpful to people with disability. They're are a lot of positive things about computers. They give you a chance to communicate with people across the world, and gives you a chance to go on educating websites, and last helps you pay bills and go shopping. Local Newspaper computers are a big benefit too society, and without them a lot of things would'nt be possible."	4	4	8
931	"Dear @CAPS1, I am aware of the current debate about technology, however more spacificly computers. Computers are a helpful interesting & even fun peace of technology. Computers open the world to new people & places & limmiting that is uncalled for. Computers are keys to inavation & creation. When @ORGANIZATION1 did a study on the use of computers @PERCENT1 of people said they got their news files & even planned threw the computer & now @PERCENT2 of creations are being done through the computer. This illustrates the power of computers allowing people to do things that were once impossible. Now humans are capable of spreading info around the world in seconds. Computers also business grow through advertisment or work softwares. Computers are the key to help open the world to new possabilities & options not possible @NUM1 years ago. I understand my oposition is not only against computers but wants to limit there use. That is unfair & possibly unconstitutional. They argue that people exercise less due to computers, however @PERCENT3 of people, when asked has computers negativly impacted your exercise said ""no"" & one man stated ""because of computers I learned new workouts & even found a great local trainer."" @CAPS2 you can understand computers are not just about games & toys, but allowing people to grow & learn more to help them find plasas to travel & assist in their exercise. Computers are a wonderful tool when it comes to communication. Emails, @CAPS3 and other softwares allow people to communicate accross the world. @CAPS2 the world begins to inovate itself communication is key. People are capable of spreading news in seconds, infact @PERCENT4 of news is now done through the computer. New @CAPS4 times & the wall street @CAPS5 have moved their news mainly to the internet allowing people across the to see them. Work is also primairly done through the computer now. People are able to send files, ship & even order online. Even important business meeting are done throught the computer, where all the people can be at their house. Computers are neccesity when it comes to communications work & news. I hope you understand & put to use my opoinon. Computers are needed to grow @CAPS2 a world solving problems comunicating & expanding that is why I belive there is no problems with computers."	4	5	9
932	"Dear @CAPS1, Computers can have a positive effect or a negative effect on people. It all depends on how you look at it and what type of person you are. You can say computers have a very positive effect on people or say computers have a very negative effect on people. My opinion is that computers have a positive effect on people but you can't say that I am just a kid and she plays on it all the time. Well that is true however, it can teach you hand-eye coordination. For @CAPS2 what I am doing right now is learning to type faster and faster. Another @CAPS2 is some people are faster at typing than writing but some people write faster than type. Me personally am faster at than writing. My final reason is after a hard day at school or work you can come home, play some music and relax. It is a good idea to learn how to type fast so if you are let's say writing a story for school. You just started the story and it is due tomorrow. What are you going to do well if you stared to type when you were younger by the time you are in the middle school you could type really fast. That way you could finish your story in time. This means you should learn haw to type faster. Some people prefer to write than type but other people prefer to type than write. I personally prefer to type than write but that is just me. Let's say a friend of mine like to write more than type that is ok. We will not be not friends after that we will just like the same thing that is all. This means some people prefer to write than type. This probably happens after a hard day at school or work you can come home use the computer to play some music and relax. You can play all the music you want. As well as do other things as well as the same time. For @CAPS2, I play music and talk to my friends at the same time. I @CAPS3 use it to do homework. In conclusion, it is a good idea to keep computers to use. People can still enjoy nature as well as computers at the same time. Over all computers have a positive effect on people."	3	3	6
933	"In my opinion, I do believe that computers are good for you. I agree so because one, it can help you to communicate with other family members around the world. Two, it can teach you new languages you really desired to learn, and three, it can keep you updated on whats happening around the world. First, i believe that computers are good for you because it can let you communicate with your long-lost relatives you hardly see anymore. For example, if you miss any of your family members, you can simply go to your computer and search them up so you can type to them or talk to them through via chat mode, then you won't ever have that missing feeling anymore since you have a computer. In addition, computers can teach you how to learn new languages you alway's wanted to know, like, @CAPS1, or @CAPS2, or even @CAPS3 if you wanted! You can just simply go to your computer and type in ""language of @CAPS2"", and listen what it tells you of @CAPS2! Moreover, computers can keep you updated on whats happening around the world! It is way better to see it on computers than on tv's bevause computers give you more information about the situation of the event! Likewise, you could click, ""locate area"", on the computer and see in which area the incident took place in. You could also see the video's, behold the images, and seek the location of it on the computer. Sadly, my lecture has come to an . Those were my three main reasons why computers are good for people: You can communicate with long-lost relatives of yours, you can learn new languages, and therefore be updated on the qhats happening around the world. Would'nt you wan't to uphold those amazing events also?"	4	4	8
934	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, i do not believe that computers benefit society, I feel this way because I have heard that some experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time doing unproductive things. The main reason why I am against keeping computers around is because the people that use them the most are neglecting their families as well as their friends. The second reason why I am against keeping computers around is because they are too time consuming. Last but not least, I am against keeping computers around because people are spending too much time on the computers and less time exercising. Now, lets talk about the way people are neglecting their families and friends. Computers are very addicting, so I can understand why people would neglect their loved ones for them, though I can understand why certain individuals do it I dont think its right. I have many friends who would rather be on facebook or myspace than hang out with me. The web site listed above can really make you forget about reality. My friends will forget about interacting with any and everyone just to spend time on the computer all day. The reasons listed above tell you why I believe that computers should be taken away because of neglecting purpose. Now, lets talk about all the time that is being consumed by computer users. i believe that time is a very valuable thing and you should not waste it. So when I read about people wasting time on the computer all day I, myself, was very upset! Statistics show that the average teenager spends @NUM1 hours a day on average on the internet, statistics also show that the average aldut spends about @NUM2 @NUM3 hours on the computer a day on average. When I read the above statistics I came to grips with the fact that people spend too much time on the computer doing nothing. Now, lets talk about exercising a bit more. I, myself, know that too much time is being spent on computers. By me knowing that I am aware of the fact that children are not exercising. Exercise is very important for a growing child, and if they are not getting all the exercise that they need it can cause health problems in the future,. Statistics show that around @PERCENT1 of children under @NUM4 years of age are obese. The above reasons tell you why I believe that exercise is more important than spending time on the computer. Now, lets bring this letter to an end."	4	5	9
935	"Dear Local Newspaper, I think that computers are giving bad effects on peoples lives. Instead of using your time wisely and getting active outdoors, your'e inside your house on the computer playing games or chatting with your friends. If you're those people who easily get overweight or in any diabetic medication right now, I't easily recommend you to do workout or go and invite a friend over for a walk at the park. That way you are enjoying nature, talking with your buddy instead of doing it online, and you'd also be getting exercise. If you didn't notice, you are also doing your friend a favor too. Not only are you getting good benefits on the outdoors but so is your partner. Getting more active @MONTH1 even bring your friendship or family bond even more closer. You might also improve your self-esteem because you'll look in the mirror and feel great about your new, healthy looking body. Also, if you're one of those people always depressed, feeling lonely, or just in a bad mood, this advice could be the key to your solution. The workouts and activities helps you have more energy you never thought you'd have before. if I were you, I'd stop being lazy and actually enjoy your life and not waste time doing lazy then go."	4	3	7
936	"Dear local newspaper @CAPS1 i think some peoples are not to much on the computers. Some peoples might be talk to their family members. To see if they are ok or if they are bad so they can know. How about if someone die in they family and they don't know notthing about that peoples. It might ben their parents, grandma, grandpa, aunts, uncles or it might ben one of their best friends. Some people also might be on their bank acount. To see if they can get out money fror the bank. Might also be sending money by going to the computer and be sending to their family members. They might be paying a bill by the computer. The money they own to that bank or they might be doing some thing eles. I also think people are useing the computer to much. Just like kids they go on the computer to just play games. That's not go for the little kid because if they keep going on the computers. They might not want to get away from the computer. Then parents will have so hard time calling their kids to go eat or to go to sleep. That's going to be a hard work to do. So i think some people should go outside to do exercis and enjoy the nature. I do beleve to people will go outside and do exercis, enjoy the nature, and spenting more time with their family. And thank you local newspapers. Some people are also now things about people are about some eles."	4	4	8
937	"Do you think computers are helpful? Well you should because, They are the most help full object on the market, also @CAPS8 famly members live far away you can im, facebook them or even send @CAPS1 and to them. The main thing for tenes or chidren is easly the enjoyment you could watch your favort showes with a click of the mouse or even play freefun games. The coumputer is a very help full object. @CAPS4 you have bad handwriting and a report is due you go and tipe @CAPS8 up on your computer, and your teacher will think you spent all night. Doing @CAPS8 when @CAPS8 was easy you will also get a better grade. @CAPS4 a big famly trip is coming up you can go online and get the trip easer then you would have , and at low price. Also you can shop @CAPS4 its a birth day of @PERSON1 you can get gifts for a very low price ever @PERCENT1 @CAPS2!!! @CAPS4 your family lives far and you dont get to see them a lot the internet is the place to gp, you could talk to them with instant messgr or you could facebook then. You could them @CAPS3 or, also you could talk to them you can see them on your screen and they can see you on their screen and @CAPS8 would be like they in the house with you, @CAPS4 the a vecation you could send them @CAPS3 and maps of werere your what go even info about the plases. Enjoy ment is the teen favort. @CAPS4 you mst your favort show you could got o @CAPS6 and sec the show for free!!! Youtube is were you could see something funny, excites, or @CAPS9 plain grose. @CAPS4 someone like @PERSON2 @CAPS9 did a asom trick and you mist @CAPS8 look @CAPS8 up . There are two tipes of games you could play games on the internet like addicting games com or play @NUM1, @CAPS7 online are play with freinds. Know you know why the internet is great @CAPS8 has games be close to your famly or even @CAPS9 get help. So chus to say you think the internet is good its your dicision."	4	4	8
938	"Dear local @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS1 of @LOCATION1, latly I have been noticing that some of the citizens of @ORGANIZATION1 have been using computers and laptops for a good amount of three the some people to the say @CAPS2 is a waste of time they could enjoying with family and friends with friends and family far away. @CAPS2 helps with research and learn @ORGANIZATION1 thnigs and @CAPS2 help with relaxing people. modern time and the people who disagree enjoy Some family and friends lives far away and you cant talk to them in person. There is always calling them or writing them a letter hot email, facebook, and @ORGANIZATION2 are easier and to use. When you call you dont know if your them there phones bissy, or they a bad @CAPS2 takes long and you @CAPS2 better to stay and send on and know you didn't @CAPS2 helps in advertisment and sales. Sometimes maybe unrealible because anybody can change anything on the site. Not all things online are like that though. Stay away from scares and things, they will came Some people find the internet @CAPS2 could be there from work or sites. There are fun games and to talk to In research the internet helps @PERCENT1 of people relax and calm down after a long @CAPS5, when on the computer or laptop which helps with stress. Computers can help in many ways. There are other realiable things. Plus where ever you go you will find the internet."	4	5	9
939	"Dear @CAPS1 and readers @ORGANIZATION1 the @ORGANIZATION3 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, @CAPS4 a modern world sent back in time to the @NUM1 quickly drive your car to get groceries but must ride damage for hours to simply buy some milk. Entertainment is dull, and it is hard to receive books for learning. Ending the usage @ORGANIZATION1 such @ORGANIZATION1 technology as computers would surely be the first step to sending us back to such a barbaric time! Computers present job opportunities, educational opportunities, and a way to communicate with others! Furge you to continue using computers, for without computers our modern civiliz would be lost! Firstly, it is important to note, during our economic crisis, that the development and manufacturing @ORGANIZATION1 computers creates thousands @ORGANIZATION1 jobs! In fact, each year @NUM2 @ORGANIZATION3 jobs are created in the @CAPS5.S alone in accordance with the development @ORGANIZATION1 computers! @CAPS14 the customers who buy these products were to stop losing them, these jobs would be lost and any progress we've made in the economic crisis would surely fall! Do you, the fair people @ORGANIZATION1 our nation, wish to be responsible for such a catastrophe! Recently, the @ORGANIZATION3 stated, in the cover page article, that, ""without the development @ORGANIZATION1 computers in technology in @DATE2, @DATE3 more people would be without jobs in the @LOCATION4A! "" @CAPS6, undoubtedly many educational opportunities woulf be lost for your childred @CAPS14 you were to stop using computers! Computers present the easiet way to research and gather information. ""@CAPS7 @PERSON1, top nothe educational provider in the history @ORGANIZATION1. A group @ORGANIZATION1 young brilliant teachhers headed by @PERSON3 have implemented a program at the @ORGANIZATION1 using computers. This program lets students view the interesting way @ORGANIZATION1 world cultures in videos! For your keen visual children, this is a much better way @ORGANIZATION1 learning than using books! In fact, @PERSON2, superintendent @CAPS14 schools in @LOCATION1, recently stated in this newpaper, the @ORGANIZATION3 @CAPS2  @CAPS3, that he planed to implement the program into all @LOCATION1 schools during the @NUM3 year! He needs the town""s your support to have this idea come through he recently sent out fliers to local citizens bearing the impressionable heading, ""@CAPS10. Goy @PERSON2 @CAPS11 youto expand learning by using computers!"" @CAPS12, communication is a vital part @ORGANIZATION1 using computers. In fact, the internet, which can only be acessed through a computer, offers the fastest way @ORGANIZATION1 communication other than telephones! ""@CAPS13, @CAPS7 computer expert for @ORGANIZATION2, ""computers offer ever more than the telephones! Not only can one converse through the internet, they can also webchat, exchange files and important data, and market and sell items to customers! ""@CAPS14 you stop using computers, you deny yourself this magnificent way @ORGANIZATION1 communicating! My sister lives in @LOCATION3, and as a result I barely get to see her or even talk to her. Then, when my mon bought me a laptop, we were able to speak to each other again. Sge helps ne through all @ORGANIZATION1 mt personal problems, and without this way @ORGANIZATION1 talking with her worl be lost. Now, @CAPS4 a modern, civilized world. You, the parents, are heading to work while your child goes to @ORGANIZATION1 and enters into the wonderful learning center @ORGANIZATION1 computers. In @LOCATION2, your favorite sister's currently writing you an email. This fantasy is possible @CAPS14 you continue to use computers! They presnt jobs, educational opportunities and a way @ORGANIZATION1 communication! You do not have to use them all the tim, still enjoy nature and fun with friends dear readers, but do not forget computers! Computer usage will keep you in the @DATE1!"	5	6	11
940	"I think using the computer is great. You should heed my advice, people should be useing computers. Computers are an exelent way to comunicate. People can connect with others from all over the world. My dad moved to brazil so we have ben communicating via, @CAPS1-mail, @CAPS2, and even facebook. It’s the easyest and cheapest way to comunicate. If I call someone from a different country it would cost me way more but if I send them an @CAPS1-mail it’s cheaper. Studys from the university of @LOCATION1 show that @PERCENT1 people think its easyer and to use a computer to comunicate. More over you can do it instantly so it gets the information anywhere in milliseconds. Computers are indeed the best way to comunicate. Another thing computers are used I for as learning. Many people from around the world have learned diffrent languages from wed sites or programs that have great instruction and lessons. I learned to play guitar with maney programs and online lessons. Maney people depend on computers to get information and learn about things. My mom is a secretary at an inseurens broker companey. Without computers the coustemers couldn’t learn about the diffren policeys that there are and they misth be spending more money then needed on insearence. With out computer scientests couldn’t do much reasarch or learn about plants or rocks. Computers make it easyer for them to study and learn about @LOCATION2 and everything. Doctors wouldn’t be adel to do half of the thing they can with out a computer. They learn about diffrent sicknesses and broken bones by useing computers. @PERSON2 said she couldn’t be able to help out as many people with out the use and help of a computer she states that she learned @PERCENT2 of what she knows from websites that have in formation about the humin body. Even teachers say that they set better teaching skills from web sites. Builder and modern desiner @PERSON1 says he learned about different building designes that are sturdyer and stronge shapse he used this in his building today. I hope that you can how see how great computer are and how much they help our present day citizens."	4	5	9
941	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 a world without computers. I picture it as a better place. Why wouldn't you want to make the world better. Computers @MONTH1 be helpful for work and business but young children are losing time to exercise, enjoy nature, and interact with family and friends. What do you prefer having computers or no? In my opinion people would be better off without them. Lack of exercise is brought up countless times in society. Computers is one factor to blame with the @LOCATION1 already being one of the most obese countries in the world who would want to add on to this cotastrofy. If the number of computers used in each household increase the amount of obese people in @LOCATION2 will as well. If computers take away exercise than health issues will more often and at a younger age. Dr. @PERSON1 says ""if kids are spending more of their free time on the computer rather than increasing the risk of diabetes will increase for them"" @CAPS3 it also a possible result in less exercise. Older citizens will be a big target for a heart attack. It is said that five out of six people could have stopped a heart attack just from taking same time out of their day to go to the gym or take a walk. No one should lose exercise over playing virtual games and instant messaging on the internet. Less people get a chance to enjoy nature when they are on the computer all day. If more people cared for nature then global warming would not be an issue. In my opinion the citizens of @LOCATION2 would want to keep it more clean and be more about their. more people cared about nature and enjoyed it wildlife would be taken away from animals. People would put an end to what some people and companies are doing to nature. Lastly when your on your computer all day you don't realize what nature has to offer fresh air and animals. Or endless canyons needs to enjoy nature more, computer should not be in their way. Wouldn't most people that their relationships with family members and friends could be a lot stronger if they interacted and spent time with them instead of with their computer. @CAPS2 how much a dinner conversation and family party could improve if people were closer with their family. Plus people need family. Your computer can't get you through the emotional pain if losing a loved one. @PERCENT1 of people can get through difficult and stressful times with family. Last but not least your social life could improve if people werent on the computer all day. Not interacting with people could turn you antisocial and not fun to be around. No one wants to be that way. Also your computer might not be working all the time, but your family and friends always will be there. The world would be better off without computers. I think everyone that sits in their room on the computer could change their exercise, enjoy for nature, also family and friend relationships by getting off it and do things that they will actually benifit from. There is no need for a computer in your life, but don't speak for everyone. The question then is do we stop using computers or do we turn them off for good."	6	5	11
942	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 the years computers have gotten faster smaller smarter, these advances have led to mankind as we know it advancing, but the effects that come with @MONTH1 be non profitable to the youth of the computer world. Some common effects computers have on people, mostly children are, preventing kids to play outside, tbe active, computers prevent people from using their immagination they also are a waste of time. Everyday a child across america will use the same old exuse, ""no mom, im not on facebook, im doing my @CAPS4 report"", while infact they haven't even started it, or they hours ago are now goofing around on line, but ask your self. ""did this happen thirty years ago? no your parents who grew up then were thrilled to an outside when thire assignments were compleated. They could not wait to get on that flaming red bike t go play ball with joey. Kids these days are becoming less active t egar to play outside f people blame obbisity on genetics while it probbly should be blamed on computers, sucking children to them. Because kids never want to leave the side of their beloved computer to go outside they are using less + less of their immagination. parents tell storys of when they would watch the one new episode of their favorite show + what whole week the kids in the neighborhood would take roles + act it out. but do you see that every day in this generation not at all. No one that or imaginn any thing new about it with friends to make it more fun they only move onto the wii five minuets later to play a smashing ballons game. Computers just up all of your time the average kid will spend up to four hours on the computer just falling around with no purpose. Wasting the time they could be improving homework or walking the dog the time is not bring donated to a good source. it is not being effective most times. they say computers are the now generation but dose that mean that the now generation must be, lazy, unimmaginitive, and not care what their time is put towards. Most people will say no we are not but you offer a nine year old to play on the computer or, oh say go outside! You would be ignorant to think they would go out to play. People want to move forward but can we not make a compromise?"	4	5	9
943	"Over @PERCENT1 of the @ORGANIZATION1 owns at least one computer in their house. Computers benefit society because they help the earth, and are a fast way to spread important information. Also you can talk with friends and family on computers. We have been told that some people think were spending too much time on the computer. Yes, but we need these machines to survive. News @CAPS1 took a pull and said ""more than half of @LOCATION1 schools are now using computers to put homework on to save paper"". @CAPS3 we start useing computers to do things that we ushelly use paper for we would be saving millions of trees. For example you can send an email insted of snail mail, the mail would go faster and save paper! People who care about the earth make websites on the computer to inform people how to @CAPS2 just to see each otherthey could mail and talk all they want. Also @CAPS3 you like to use cellphone alot the waves kill apoximately @NUM1 bees a year. @CAPS3 you chatted with your freinds it would save bees lives. The first snow day we my parents forgot to check the schools website and I was out in snow @CAPS3 we didn't computers this would happen to every little students an snow @NUM2 @CAPS3 there was a storm and you. I'v went out the is another place you can check' to get the weather and keep your family safe. @CAPS3 there was a hurricane and the power like birthdays and weddings your computer has a calendar on it that tells you wherever you write something on it. @ORGANIZATION1 citizens spend over @MONEY1 a year on phone bills. You can talk to freinds and family on the computer and save thousands. When parents don't have phones they rely on computers to comunicate with people. Have your kinds ever had a freind who for away and your kinds spend hours to them? Well they can talk and see each other while on video chat and it will feel like still here. Its now or never citizens of newtown! You know computers, help the earth there a fast way to spend information, and they let you talk and see your freinds online. So get up and write our local news paper telling them why computers benefit our society."	5	4	9
944	"Dear local newspaper, I think that computers are great for our society. Computers have a positive effect on people. They teach to people hand-eye cordination, and about places all over the world. Computers are also great for talking online to family and friends. Computers teach people hand-eye cordination. They help people to get familiar with looking at a screen and typing letters to form words. Computers are excellent for students that play the piano, like me. It helps you to be able to look at the music and have your fingers know where to play. The computers helps with the piano because they both involve you looking at a screen, or music. While your fingers know what to do. So I think computers helps children and teens to have better hand-eye cordination. Computers are also very helpful to everyone because it is great for researching facts, or even just looking for somewhere to go on vacation. Say you just got home from school, and your teacher had assigned you to write a two page paper on the @CAPS1 @CAPS2. You would not be able to do it by memory, you would need facts. So you should go to the library, but no one can take you. Well if you have a computer, it is a great way to research a topic for school. You don't have to leave your home, you can even stay in your pajamas. Computers give you the information that you need. Or if your planning a vacation in @LOCATION1, and don't know where to stay, then the internet will get you right there and give you great opptions. Another thing computers are great for is talking. How so you say, well you can got to A.I.M. online. You can have conversations with all your friends and family. This year my brother, and my closest cousin to me, went to college. Now I only see them about twice a year, it is so quiet without them, especially at my house. If I want to ever talk with my brother, it is great like he is in my home again. He sends me pictures of his college, friends, and any fun places that he goes. So without computers I would practically never see my brother, or talk to him. Local newspaper please consider my opinion, I feel that computers benefit are society. They leave a positive effect on people in the community and world. Computers teach teens, and children excellent hand-eye cordination, and helps people like me to play the piano more smoothly and exact. Computers are also great for looking up facts for school when the library is not available. The internet also keeps me closer to my brother, whose in college, because we can chat and send pictures to each other. So please take my opinion into consideration. Thank you."	5	5	10
945	"Dear Newspaper, I think that computers have a positive affect on society because it gives a lot of information, it has lots of fun games and music, and it informs you about issues in the world and communities. The first reason I think that computers have a positive affect on society is because its gives you lots of information. If you need to do projects and research, what better way to do them than on a computer. You can search all kinds of people like the presidents of the @LOCATION1, celebrities, and people that made a change in the world. You can also look @CAPS5 and study different kinds of plants and animals, and you can find fasmating experiments to do. The second reason I think that computers have a positive affect on society is because it has lots of fun games and music. You can go on the @CAPS1 channel website and play lots of diffrent games from your favorite t.v shows. They also have learning games on test prep fun where you can play games to help you do well on your @ORGANIZATION2 such as comprehension clinic. The computer also has lots of music that you can listen to. You can listen to @ORGANIZATION1's album. I am @PERSON1 before You @CAPS2 it, or @PERSON2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @CAPS7 before buying the @NUM1 songs. The fina; reason I think that computers have a positive effect on society is because it gives you information about issues in the world. You can go on a computer and search @CAPS5 natrual disasters like @CAPS8 earthquake, @CAPS9 earthquake, or information about the tsunami that @MONTH1 hit @LOCATION2. You can search @CAPS5 @CAPS10 @PERSON3 and get information. You can search your favorite artist and see what their albums gonna be like or you can search @CAPS5 issues in your community. That is why I think computers have a positive affect on society because it gives information it has lots of games and music, and it talks about important issues."	5	4	9
946	"You need to gather information for a project you're presenting in school, but how are you going to find aout about your topic quickly and easily? Most people will turn to one of the most commonly used piece of technology in the @LOCATION1, the computer. The computer is used for quick and easy research, interacting and communicating with friends and for personal entertainment. Some peol argue that the computer will take away from enjoying nature, spending time with family and friends and exercising. But what if we didn't have the computer? The possability of research, etc. Would be much more difficult. For example: computers help us learn about almost anything quickly and easily. this could help make work for school or jobs less stressful. Also, a computer can be accessed right in your name, so no travel is required. The computer has programs that are used to prepare articles, essays, slide shows and brochures for presentation, as well. If we didn't have a computer, research would be much more of a struggle and could require travel. Computers are one of the most common ways to communicate with friends and family. Websits and e-mail helps you keep intouch with anyone around the world. You can write e-mails, access live chat or even webcam. E-mailing is just like mailing a letter except it is dilivered instantly and doesn't cost anything. There is also no risk of anyone reading your mail. Live chat iswhen you chat over text on the computer. Webcam is face to face interacting which givs off the effect of talking in person: @CAPS1 benefit is that communicates over the computer doesnt cost a thing. Lastly, computers provide games for your personal entertainment, which helps kill boredom. The computer also helps improve hand-eye coordination, along with staying orginized @CAPS2, pictures, videos and more can be placed in files and saved on the computer making it easy for you to open them at @CAPS1 time. Computers @MONTH1 take away from some activities but think of how much harder and more stressful things will be without it. I think that the computer has a good effect on people as well as it being a helpful piece of technology."	5	4	9
947	"Some people @MONTH1 think that computers take up too much time for the important things. But really everything you would like to know is right there. You can learn about nature, cool websites even history. Here are my reasons on the effect on computers. First, you can learn so much about nature online. You can view many types of animals and study them. Learn about plant and the effect they have on life. Also, you can learn about many things on @LOCATION1 and how its changing. Secondly, there are many coll websites you can join. Theres games you can play to keep you occupied during the day. You can even chat online with friends or maybe find long lost friends. School sites are available for students of some studying or help. Lastly, computers show you so much about history. People who things and world famous people from back then compared to famous people now. Most important of all, the life changing story about and how it changes peoples life today. I hope I've you enough to agree with me. As you can see computers have many resources you can learn from learning websites and history arent even half of them. Think about! Thank you for listening"	3	3	6
948	"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 you know any child or teen between the age of eight and seventeen who doesn't live to go on the computer? Well myspace, facebook and aim is like a online hangout. Kids every where log on and don't log out unless the parent of the child makes them. I firmly belive that computers have major effect on people, my three reasons are people don't have the exersise, they dont interact with others, kids are smocky they will sneak on if doing research for if wasnt . Online websites and games are like hipnotysing the people and making them stay on for hours. Most parents belive that having their child on a computer doing research for an hour is good; however kids are and would sneak to pay online going or go to a website they were not allowed to go on and wasnt on before. Sometimes the best thing to @CAPS1 is get some fresh air and interact with others. Buth with websites that make people stay conect for more than two hours they dont get fresh air and they dont interact with others . Most times people forgot and dont know what something is except for how a computer because they play on it so much. People grow up fast when you think about it, and people start to eat, drink, sometimes sleep at the computer. People stay at the computer and eat their, they wont get enought exercise, they will start to get fat and soon an only stay at the computers because they didnt exercise burn the fat off. How you see how computers have a major effect on people by not interacting with others, not having enough, and kids wife sneaky and will go on other website, they wer not allowed to go on and if thier parents wernt home."	4	4	8
949	"Dear newspaper, I think computers have a good effect on people. Computers are very helpful to many it gives them an education, and they can interact with many people. Computers can be very helpful to many people. Working with computers can give people extremly well hand-eye coordination. Dr. @PERSON4 said, ""In recent surveys and tests, I have noticed a major increase with hand-eye coordination of @PERCENT1 all thanks to computers. ""Computers is also a way that people can learn to type in a recent survey at @ORGANIZATION1, @NUM1-more students know to type, thanks to computers. Computers can be very helpful to business people with creating power points. Instead of making a really big poster board for @CAPS2 @CAPS1 project, I made a power point instead that was so much easier. Computers can be very helpful to many people. Computers are used in many schools to help teach students about new things. For example, students can learn about interesting places that they never knew about. ""@CAPS2 friends is moving to @LOCATION1 and she has no idea what it's like, or where it is. So, we looked it up on the internet and found out so much cool stuff about it, "" says @PERSON5 computers can also teach students about new cultures. At @CAPS3 @ORGANIZATION2, @ORGANIZATION2, @PERCENT2 of the students learned about @NUM2 new cultures in one year, thanks to computers. Not only can computers tell people about interesting places, but interesting people. I never knew that president @PERSON2 had @NUM3 brothers, and gre up in @LOCATION2, did you? Computers can be used in schools to help teach students about new things. Computers are used by many people to interact with another. using computers is an easy way to talk with friends. Using instant messenger is free! Now parents don't have to pay annoying phone bills anymore! In a recent survey done in the town of @CAPS4 @CAPS5, @PERCENT3 of the people there thought that using computers to talk to friends was alot easier. Computers can help people meet new people online. Habe you ever heard of the dating sites? Well, this is what @PERSON1 has to say about it, ""@CAPS6 wonderful! @CAPS2 husband and I met online and we have been together for @NUM4 years."" @CAPS7 you have a faw away cousin and if you call or write them a letter it's too expensive? Well now you don's have to worry about that anymore because talking to distant relatives online is free! ""@CAPS6 so much easier talking to people online."" says @PERSON3. Computers can be used to interact with another. Computers have a very good effect on people. They are helpful, can be used to give education, and they can be used to interact with another."	5	5	10
950	"Computers have been one of technoligy's greatest advances, and yet one of society's downfall. Originally thought to spread ideas and faraway places, computers have been proven to do quick the contrary. Computers are dangerous devices, and are targeting young, wholesome kids. It is the main reason why society is today, predicting that this future generation is wobbling on an unsteady and weak foundation. These devices, the source of this mayhem, must immediately be removes from society because they take away the true benefits of life, have harmful effects on our health, and support some of the country's deadliest predators. Firstly, computers are linked with the crime of stealing the pleasures of childhood. Since @DATE1, the amount of adolescent users has shot up @PERCENT1. Amazing ly enough, @PERCENT2 of parents polled admitted that their children spend at least @NUM1 hours on the computer everyday. This takes away the pleasures or reading, exercising, spending time outside and hnging with friends and fmaily. These negative effects have an unhealthy toll on society, especially teenagers, the most frequent users. As a result diet and exercise are curtailed, raising the obesity number by @PERCENT3, and lock of ourdoor or family activities have promoted anti-social @CAPS1 this alarming rate out fufture generation @MONTH1 indeed be balancing on a cracked foundation. In addition to limiting diet and exercise, computers are also the source of yet another act. As long as the computers are plugged, they emit invisible wares of electromagnetic radiation. These waves are linked to diseases and cancers. Use of computers have to cause brain-tumors and leukemia, asw ell as brain disorder and cancers. Leukemia, when caused at a young age, is difficult to cuse and stants the child's development. Children exposed to at least @NUM2 hours a day to @ORGANIZATION1 compared to the few who spend their time outdoors are @NUM3 times as likely to develop such possibilities. The ultimate prevention to such risjs is to to the rest of such causes, computers and it completely. Lastly, computers are harmful because they also a deadly we open. As an adolescent unthinkingly says the web and chtrooms, they are at risk of atteck by thousands of children predators prowling the web. Computers contain extremely valuable and secret information, such as names, birthdates, genders and even social security numbers. With one click, acfepting a strongers inivte, the online predators hack into the child's computer and obation such valuable information. Or the predators @MONTH1 be less postive and attack directly-asking questions to the child themselves. In fact, a familiar story tells the unfortunate fare of one local @CAPS2 girl, who unknowingly chatted with an online stranger. This online predator smoothly invited her to the mall, where they moved. A couple devastating, weeks later, the girl's reamin in were found, burned, as the last deadly act the predator performed on the teen. Three for, computers are simply too dangerous, a predator's thumbbook as they search for their next victim. by removing the computer, you eliminate the threats online predators pose for your child and you as well. It is amazing to learn that technology's greates advanvcement, the computer, can unleash such harmful effects. Lack of engaging activities such as exercising and reading are stunded by the ever distracting computer its electromagnetic radiation attacks our health and lastly, it supports the acts of the thousands of cruel, sneaky online predators awaiting your child on the web. By removing the source of all these troubles, those acts can be prevented and society @MONTH1 begin to the pain for reform."	6	6	12
951	"Dear editor, @CAPS1 you think that people spending a lot of time on the computer is good, I don't. People should get more exercize. Also they don't get enough fresh air. Finnaly they don't spend enough time with family and friends. Now we have to determin weather people should spend a lot of time on the computers. Those people who spend alot of time on the computer could be going outside everyday to get exersize. Some parents got their kids hooked on playing on the computer all day instead of going out side to get exersize. They could ride bikes, scooters, play basket ball, wiffle ball. They can also go swimming play, sports, and go to a play ground. Finnally they could go for a long walk on the beach. People need to get fresh air instead of being on the computer all day. They can go sit on the beach for awile, go outside to watch their kids play or watch their games like baseball or basket ball, or they can go outside just to be outsides. They can go sit on their porch to wait for their kids to get off the bus from school. Those people who love to play on the computor don't spend enough time with their family or friends. They could go visit their family more often, go out for lunch with their frinds. Also they can spend more time doing things with their kids. Even though there is a chat on the computer it is nice to talk to your friends in person. The time has come to decide weather people spending a lot of time on the computer is a bad thing or not. They don't ge enough exersize every day. They also don't get enough freshair. Finally they spend time with their friends and family. So now you need to write a letter to your local newspaper telling them which you are choosing."	4	4	8
952	"To whom it @MONTH1 concern, Computers can be a great asset to our society, but they are an even, bigger hindrance. People are wasting their days away on the computer. Hardly anyone goes out in exercise, or to enjoy nature. Perhaps the sea west effect is that hardly anyone interacts with their friends and family anymore. @CAPS2 you with their friends and family anymore. @CAPS2 you don't want to surromb to the computers. put down the mouse and go outside! Obesity in @LOCATION1 is at an all time high. Experts agree, that computers and other types of technology are to blame. People who spend a lot of time on the computer hardly ever exercise and that effects them negatively. These people have a shorter lifespan! They might not be around in twenty years to see their grand children grown up. Also, they have many medical problems. @PERSON1, an obesity expert, says, ""I have seen a positive correlation with the obesity rate and that of @CAPS1."" @CAPS1 can kill you! Obesity can also cause heart attacks and infertility! @CAPS2 you can avoid these diseases and health risks by getting off the computer, why wouldn't you? Using the computer is not a good price to pay for you health! Do you have fond childhood memories that involve nature? I know I do. Most people who spend too much time on the computer don't get the chance to make memories like that. Theyre too preoccupied with the computer to care. Many people won't ever see any of our national parks! Drew @PERSON2, a park ranger, says. ""In the past few years. we have had less visitors than ever before."" @CAPS2 people can't tear themselves away from the computer for even a minute to see the splendor of our national, there is obviously something wrong. Get off you computers and go outside! I share everything with my friends and family and try to spend as much time with them as possible. Almost all people who use the computer often say @PERCENT1 of the time, they use it as an excuse not to see friends and family. In reality, they don't want to leave it. As a society, we are becoming too dependent on technology supervisor says. ""I have seen as definite decline in family enrollment. We hardly ever see kids with friends and family hanging around"". She is right. Now is the time to stop using computers! Computers @MONTH1 not be totally to blame for the problems stated above. Maybe it's the people a though computers do contribute to the problem. @CAPS2 we didn't have computers, there would be more people out exercising, and enjoying nature. Memories would be when we hung around with friends and family. Now is the time to turn of the computer, and go outside. Call up a friend and take a stroll, @CAPS3 you do, know you can have fun withour computers."	5	5	10
953	"@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 has been a lot of discusion of whether computers effect people in a positive way or in a negative way. I believe that computers effect most people negatively. I think this because people lose their "people skills" by talking through the computer, computers @MONTH1 also lead to danger, and because people tend to forget about their priorities in life. From what i know. most people that use computers use them to talk to friends and other people around the world. Instead of hangingout with their friends they talk through the computer and if that what they do, more than hanging in person then they won't reconize the facial expressions given to them by certin people, while talking in person you get the full on experience of communicating with them. You get the tome of voide in addition to the facial expressions. You also get the body language which you can't get from on the computer unless you are using webcam. Computers have led to many dangers. These dangers effect every user and their families. @CAPS1 have been many cases of young teenagers being tricked by ader users into showing them parts of their body to making the teens believe that the older user can relate to their problems and are the same age. sometime the teen is persuade to leave their home and neighbor hood to meet the other user. Also, another type of danger is cyberbulling. Cybe bulles lower yourself-esteem. The bullies call you names and pick on you and sometimes make you feel suicidal. If we hadnt had any computer then none of these dangers would be occuring. With computers people have lost their judgement in top priorites. Some computers uses tend to forget about the important things in life such as family, schools work, and their own health. Some people would rather stay on the computer than hangout with family and friends. Others tend to choose not to do their homework and work on their social life on the computer instead. Since they are on the computer alot they seem to ignore their health. They don't exercise as much and don't eat as healthy. So in my opinion, life without computers would be good for everyone. People would still have the people skills they had before, their wouldn't be as much danger, and people would focus more on the important thins than their online social lives."	4	6	10
954	"To whom @CAPS5 @MONTH1 concern, @CAPS1 the joy of just clicking a mouse and all of the sudden you are talking with a friend you haven't seen in years. Computers make this a reality for us, but that isn't the only benefit they offer. Computers help society by providing us with search engines and educational resources allowing us to connect easily with friends and family, helping us communicate importances and plan things and a lot more. First, computers have become a vital part of education and research a like. Students at schools, elementary through college, are able to connect with much more information than without computers. You can even earn a college degree on the computer! That's right online universities are beginning to form. This is great for moms who want to get a degree but have to stay home with their children. Also, computer technology has been applied to research in science and hospitals. New discoveries have advanced with the help of computers that will actually help people's lives! Computers are used to search for a cure to cancer disasters such as earthquakes, and even help see a disease someone has before its symptoms even begin to occur! Computers have helped save lives and benefit lives in ways people never could have imagined sixty years ago. Secondly, computers allow people to connect and reconnect with other people around the @CAPS2. I recently got a facebook account, and within a few days I had found and to three friends of mine that had moved away a distant cousin who had moved to @LOCATION1 that i haven't seen since we was little and even my great grandmother! The possibilities are endless. Email has also been very beneficial to society as well, as @CAPS5 helps people communicate and plan events, which brings me to my next topic. Lastly, computers help the @CAPS2 communicate with one another. the internet is filled with websites made to benefit our @CAPS2, one being @ORGANIZATION2; @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4. If not for computers this program wouldn't have been as succesful and beneficial as @CAPS5 has become. Also, is an amazing website that combines education with the aspect of @CAPS2 @CAPS5 quizzes you on different levels of general knowledge and for each correct answer, @ORGANIZATION1 donates @NUM1 grains of @ORGANIZATION1. When i am bored i sometimes go on, and so for i have filled over thirty bowls of @ORGANIZATION1, while learning at the same time! To conlude, computers have proven to benefit the @CAPS2 and all in @CAPS5, not only people but the environment, too. Computers help advance research, help people reconnect with one another, and help the @CAPS2 communicate, Who knows that computers will help us accomplish next?"	5	5	10
955	"Dear local Newspaper, @CAPS1 you love computers but fear that you or loved ones spend way to much time on them? If so, then maybe we should @CAPS1 something. Toomany people have issues with their vision due to starring at computers to long. Also, people miss out on other outdoor activities as well. Finally, if people are working off of computers for their job then there missing out on same of the other important things in life such as, interacting with family and friends, enjoying the outdoors, or just simply spending time with their close ones. Now, are you for or against this descison of people getting ""hooked"" on computers? In my opinion people should be enjoying things and not spend most of their time on computers. Since people are so dependent on computers, sometimes working form one can hurt your vision. The bright white computer screen filled with all those e-mails can really affect your vision. I know my dad always gets headaches and his vision isn't the best thing when it comes to him working on a computer all day. Being indoors and on a computer all day long makes you really miss the outdoor activites that their are. Things such as sports, nature, riding a bike and many other activities are missed out because of being on a computer all day. Only fun and energized people get out and get active. Last but not least, @CAPS1 you enjoy spending time with the ones you love but seem to busy because your on the computer all day? If so then get up and go have fun! Take the wife and kids on a hike or go and ride a bike, its awesome excersise for you, family and friends and its actually fun! So, its now or never. @CAPS1 you want to be at home on a computer all day or @CAPS1 you want to be high energized and spending quality time with family and friends? Most impotantly @CAPS1 you want to be energized and healthy with no vision problems and stop those awful headaches? Well, without a if you get up and get active it will be the best decision you will make! So, get up, grab the kids and get going on your new and energized, pain free life."	4	4	8
956	"Dear Newspaper, I believe comuputer have made a great effect on people in society. I believe this because they make you smarter, they help with entertainment needs, they also give you the option to socialize with websites, and online chatting. theese are things people need in every da life and heres now. One reason why I believe computers benefitt people in society, is with the simple fact that computers teach you things. I mean sure you can pick up a book, but why? with a computer you can quickly, and easily type in what you need to know and within seconeds you have @NUM1 million sites that can tell you what you need to know. Computers can also show you places that you've always wanted to see and learn about, the computer can tell you an exact location and information about the area. I know your thinking to yourself. ""wow how cool!!"" but that nothing wait untill you hear what else i have to say! Computers can give you instructions on how to build stuff, step by step instruction to create a work of art. My seconed reason is computers can give you entertainment like playing games, watching movies, and tv shows you missed because you were at work or doing something important. My last reason why computers benefit society is with entertainment, you can make friends or chat with the ones you have, with websites like facebook, @CAPS1, @CAPS2, ect. Making friends or keeping up with the ones you have in a positive way help fight depression. If your always happy on the computer. Therefore you'll have nothing to be depressed about. Also if you have any questions at all that you have wondering in your @CAPS3 ask the computer and it will awnser your questions throughly, and leave you satisfied with an awnser. As you can see computers can do many great things, and what I said is only a few things computers are capible of just watch, computers will be apart of our lives more and more and if you can't use one you @MONTH1 have a hard time. please if you have a different opinion consider my decisons. Thank you for your time."	4	4	8
957	"In our socity computers have a big role. Some people think that this inhaces our socity and benefits the people in the @LOCATION1. Other people think computers are hurting the @CAPS1 citizens. I belive that computers can have our socity into the next and can inhance use to people. Comptores can benifit people by tracking hand-eye coordination give people the ability to learn about the world, and allow people to communicate to others. Computers can teach hand-eye coordination which helps people work with their hands. An arument on the of this is that computers take the place of exercise. For a lot of @CAPS2 a sport is their exercise and in every sport you need hand-eye coordination. Computers don't take the place of they inhance the persons ability to play for exsample to be a goaly in any sport you need fast mentions and good hand-eye coordination. A computer can help the save more goals by increasing their hand-eye coordination. Having good hand-eye coordination can also save you life. If a knife was you human nature world tell you to cover your head with your hands. This would you, if you had hand-eye coordination you away with your body to avoid the knife. Computers help you physically but they can help you mentally as well. Computers can take you around the world without leaving your room. Computers can teach go about culture and life that you didn't even know excisted. The cahan @CAPS1 can not aford the luexury of seeing the world first hand, computers let those people see the world from difient points of veiw. If a student needed to know all about one country they could go on the enternet and get a tour. A student could not go to the country so they went to the second base thing the computer. They can the wanted with one click. Family, friend and coligees are all people you need to talk to. Computers made communication easy for anyone. Now you can talk and see a person in video chat. This benifits socity because if you are talking to a buissness partner you can point to graphs and charts you made. You can also to see a love one that you miss. Their is a different type of comunication for every person. You can e-mail, @CAPS4, instant message, etc. Comunication connects people around the world it a small world after all. Computers have taken our socity in the next level. People can travel the world in a second, talk to anyone and have hand-eye coordination. Computers are growing @LOCATION2 keeping is on top. What would you choose?"	5	5	10
958	"Dear, local Newspaper @CAPS1 I read the article and I think that you guys are right because in the @DATE1 kids rather stay inside on the computer. @CAPS1 who know's what they do @CAPS1 some kids are on facebook all day some are on @CAPS2 or @CAPS3. Sometimes kids dont even like to go do exercises they stay on the computer eating & eating. I think if their was no technology kids these days wont be beast. Some kids dont even like hanging out with their friends or family they say that they want to stay home on the computer but we should do more, exercises than being on the computer. If were always on the computer we wont learn nothing at school because when were at school kids could be thinking about going home to go on the computer and you wont focused on our education @CAPS1. And what if kids drop out or dont come to school anymore because they to be chatting with their friends or a stranger. What if a girl didn't want to go to school and on her computer. What if she is talking to a stranger computers so kids can just go and do some exersis instead of being on the computer and wont be a beast anymore."	4	4	8
959	"Dear The @CAPS1 newspaper, @CAPS2 in front of a @CAPS3 @CAPS1 after @CAPS1. Oh, how much you want to just relax in the natural free air, but with all the advances in technology you feel it's your job to always be updated. I believe that advances in technology have had a negative affect on people. People aren't exercising interacting with family and friends in person, or having the ability to enjoy nature. Exercising means getting your hear to pound, your body to sweat and me because of endorprimes that ultimately make you feel better. @CAPS2 in front of a @CAPS3 all @CAPS1 does not support you with the natural urge to exercise. People who support advances in technology say, ""@CAPS3 are able to teach you hand-eye coordination."" @CAPS4, coordination is important but your body as a whole should also be put with account as well @PERSON1, voted # @NUM1 cardiologist in world says, ""more and more people are suffering from heart disease & attacks every year!"" be goes on to say, ""many links have been theorized to this on going problem, But none seem to up as well as my theory. I believe peoples lives have been overcome by technology. More and more cases have samt to the people being addicted to their computers. Its unbelieveable but, @CAPS5 individuals have a @PERCENT2 higher chance of developing heart disease!! There are many healthier things you can absorp yourself in. Like tennis for example In tennis you have to develop hand-eye coordination in order to hit the ball. Correctly. Tennis also increase your heart rate & burn fat cells, to help you lose weight. Statistics show that @NUM2 out of @NUM3 people say tennis have actually made them more confident. This is because when people are able to have the determination to lose weight and head healthier , they feel they can can over the world. Isn't this the attitude everyone needs? Nature is all over and helps us are even if @CAPS4 don't notice. Like trees, they take in @NUM4) and release oxygen. Oxygen is key to life. Trees also are home to many living organisms. Like the saumel woodpecker or even owl. They all rely on trees to survive. But, if you are on the @CAPS3 @NUM5' hours a @CAPS1 @DATE1 you @MONTH1 not realize the nature and . Nature is a beautiful thing that over @PERCENT3 of peoploe say they enjoy relaxing outside, listening to birds singing morningsongs or a dear minding their own business feeding with their young watching. But, advances in technology also ruin this time belance of nature. Technology needs a power source, google, for example states to the press that,"" our business surely enjoys nature but needs to also run their corporation"". They go on to say.""we get our energy from oil and coal"" @CAPS5 according, to scientists like boy say that , oil primary source for big corporations. It is for but they don't keep in mind the fact over a million each year because . And ! that deplleats me protection we get from our ozone layer. Speeding the development of climate change. ""without advances in technology we @MONTH1 have a better and safer earth generations to come. Oh sure, says sue sarcastically. But since you texting her you don't know what and ask out her . If not for advances in technology people could make me right decisions. @PERCENT4 of texters say they have miss interpreted others texts. this means bad decisions all accross the world. @PERCENT1 also say have particifated in same of sexting like ther sending peictures a language. Underage children are participating in illegal activity because of advances in technology chief crimes head of the police department in @ORGANIZATION1 says that ever since the invention of the cell phone with the ability to send pictures & text he has need @NUM6 more cases on child pornography. @PERCENT5 of @CAPS5 people are under the age of without me advances of technology for cellphones this wouldn't even be possible for minors. Advances in cellular device has also kept families farmer & farmer apart. @PERCENT6 of parents sya that their children have had me some appreciation & lease that they had before they recieved cell phones. And @PERCENT1 of kids wine have cell phones say they don't think they need their family interaction anymore. Do you believe this is the message to be school to future generations? I thank you for reading this article and I hope you are now experiencing the other side of the debate children need to interact with their families more, enjoy nature and start exercising. This is impossible to do with the advances of technologe."	6	6	12
960	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, Computers do not have a positive effect on people. Thanks to computers people arn’t being active as much, enjoying nature, or interacting with family and friends. One reason this is true is because people are not exercising, they're too busy playing on the computers. People are gaining weight, which is already a problem in the @LOCATION1 because of unnecissary technology. There are plenty of sports that could be done, such as soccer, baseball, football, and so many more. People seemed to manage fine without computers and were a lot more active before them. Another reason computers don't have a positive effect on people is because they don't go out and enjoy nature. People spend too much time looking up beautiful place and animals when they could easily go explore around outside! Take a walk by the forest or in a local park, even by the beach and you'll see loads of animals. Not to mention, the immense amount of different plants and flowers they have never noticed right behind their very own home! No computers and people could quickly start enjoying nature more often. Thirdly, a reason why computers arn't positive on people is because they're not interacting with other people. Some people are too busy on facebook or myspace, e-mailing or @CAPS3-ing each other. Sometimes they arn't even talking to who they believed they were, it not only dangerous but unhealthy also. Whats wrong with giving someone far away a call? You can actually hear their voice and know its them on the other line! Its rediculous how people will e-mail a friend thats down the street. It would be much simpler and healthier to just walk over to their house. The two of you can chat and take a walk, or play a game, not just sit infront of a screen the whole day. Computers make interacting with other people, in person, a lot more difficult. With computers people are not active enough, don't enjoy nature often, or interact with others as much. They simply are not a positive effect on people. You should also agree and let computers stay to perfessionals."	4	5	9
961	"Dear, Newspaper @CAPS1 my name is @CAPS2, @PERSON1 and I think that this idea based on why people need computer is a good statement/ @CAPS3. My @CAPS4 oppinon is that same say people use their computers so much they don’t yet exercise. When that is not true do to the fact that computers have. Programms on how to watch your weight. Stocks and etc also Technology helps people around the world on websites, programs such names as to video chat, @CAPS5.com for instant messaging. on the way teen stuff like computers help people for on video chatting, emailing people their rezemates to jobs on why and how their based. On showing people their recent jobs. And giving details on showing people reading this article is that technology of computers also help @CAPS6 save. Most reasons we need tech equipment is that people use it on fields such as the navy, @CAPS6, dealships, all over the world industry. Why is that good well my point of view is that business need that to order their stocks for store carriers and more. For @CAPS6 on field to use for @CAPS7 sean, pregnacy, pulse radar's and more. And on the negative point of those side of the readers are based on the mostly that people get addict to technology when the truht is that people really need technology look around you and everything in this world has mostly been made by technology and. the @CAPS8 is that people should agree. that computers help people, speak, @CAPS9, email, lives, help find family, friends, give directions, so on my point of view @CAPS9 tel your dean @CAPS1 and readers that interacting with technology. Is a good way nto control ways on how or what you do in the computers do to that in my way I make sites audio and interesting Technology can allows people on ways to help people. Find and create ways to making money or interesting positive out comes out of using person in this world goes in and thru out tech equip. These days, and to the people who have read this article should pass this story on to people who take technology on negative terms and to help them think about it positive."	4	3	7
962	"Dear local newspaper, I think computers are used way to much in this society! People spend more hours sitting the computer than exercising because people find it more thrilling spending more time with computers than trreadmills! People in this society think we are spending to much time on the computers, while others don't realize how long they've been staring at a screen for! I am one of those people who like using the computer a lot but I have relized changes. I can tell many others and spend to much time with the computer screen that we have drifted away from our familys! I never really thought about how much I don't talk to them anymore because I'm to busy cyberly chatting with friends. Although, I don't think we should get the computer either. Online we can research almost everything in the world. I can even type my name in a research bar and find me and anybody else with the excel same name as me! The internet got for more technical in the past years. Without it, these days, just about everybody would be lost! The internet should be used less on blogging and chatting, and should be used more on things more useful like @CAPS1.com or @CAPS2.com. I hope you consider this."	3	4	7
963	"Dear @ORGANIZATION2 (our local newspaper), @CAPS1 has come to my attention that more and more people have begun to use computers. This is a great advancement in our society! Computers have a positive impact on people because they teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, and even allow people to talk online with other people. @ORGANIZATION1, computers are making a great impact! Firstly, computers have a positive impact on people because they teach hand-eye coordination. This is useful in daly life all the time! Statistics show that sports players who own computers are @PERCENT1 more talented at things requiring their hands (like baseball or basket ball) than those who do not own computers. Owning a computer improves the way you use your hands in other activities too. Something as simple as driving a car doing the dishes is made easier thanks to the improvement in hand-eye coordination computers bring. This is a fantastic effect that computers have on people. In addition to the hand-eye coordination computers teach, they also help you learn about faraway places and people. This splendid information is easier to aquire thanks to the technowlogy of computers. ""@CAPS2 I didn't use my laptop for my @CAPS3 @CAPS4 report,"" says @PERSON1, and @NUM1 grade student, "" I would never finish. Books take so long and I learned so much about my topic from my computer!"" @CAPS2 you are going on vacation, You can easily research your destination's location and culture with this advanced search engine. Why wouldn't you use a computer when you learn so much from them? Finally, computers have a positive effect on people because they help them communicate with each other. They have lots of ways to video chat, @CAPS6 message, and even speak aloud to the person you want to communicate with. ""I had to move away from my best friend last @DATE1,"" says @PERSON3, resident of @LOCATION1, ""With my computer we can still talk to each other and stay friends."" computers are definatly a great way to communicate with friends and family. Computers have a positive impact on people because they teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people; and even allow people to talk online with each other. So, @PERSON2, the increasing number of computer users is a beautiful thing! Ask yourself this, how would computers have a positive effect in your life?"	6	4	10
964	"Dear Newspaper, Computers have a huge effect on society, can you even imagine where we would be without them? They are great for communication, learning, and shopping. Computers have a large effect on people. Without computers, communication with co-workers, family, and friends would be nearly impossible. Social networking sites, such as @CAPS1, @CAPS2, @CAPS3, and @CAPS4-In play a huge wrolein everyday life. These are the sites you use to access information from others to making plans for the weekend. Do you think that your children use the intrenet too much? Nowadays, that is their way to communicate with their peer. It makes them more social, which is a great quality to have in life. Also, I don'd know about you, but I have talked to many people around the world using the internet. It gives you the chance to experince other cultures. Communication was absolutely not as easy before having computers. It @MONTH1 seem hard to believe, but you can learn tremendous amounts @MONEY1 things from the internet. This @MONTH1 include learning about people. How would you video chat with someone without @CAPS5 or @ORGANIZATION2? You can learn a lot about a person from talking to the face to face, a thing that can't be done on a phone. Also, research for school could not be done without the internet. In a recent survey, @NUM1 out @MONEY1 @NUM2 teenagers said that they use a search engine site, such as @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS6, or @ORGANIZATION3 at least once a day, @CAPS7 out @MONEY1 those @NUM1 said that it is for school. If it weren't for these search engines, children wouldn't be doing too great in school. Clearly, the computer provides ample ways to research and learn on a daily basis. It @MONTH1 sound rediculous, but in @DATE2, @PERCENT1 @MONEY1 shopping was done on the internet. If someone wants to start a business, their first stop is usually the internet. People are making @MONEY1 every year with the help @MONEY1 computers. People find it easiest to buy something with the click @MONEY1 a mouse. It is easier than the hassle @MONEY1 crowded malls and long lines. Also, do you remember when @CAPS8 @DATE1 was the time to put the alarm clock on for @NUM4 @CAPS9? Well, how people do @CAPS10 shopping online, there are hundreds, even thousands @MONEY1 sites that offer great sales. Now think about how purchasing items would be if it weren't for the internet. It's not agreat image, is it? As you can tell, computers have affected our lives in a great way. Communication, learning, and even shopping have become much simpler. Many @MONTH1 think that computers are not bad to have, but the good over shadows those aspects."	6	5	11
965	"My opinion on computers is that I think it's a good idea for people to go on computers. I think this way because if you haven't seen someone for so many years then you got a chance to see that person or talk to that person through the computer. Computers are also good because if you have a project to do from school then you could get good information based on what project you have to do. I like to go on the computer to talk to my friends that I haven't seen a while you could also meet new people and make friends. If there wasn't computers then we would have to look through a lot of books for information, or go all the way to the bank to check your account balance, this is why I think computers are good ideas. On the computer you could see workouts to get fit we don't only have to go to the gym. My dad gose on the computer to talk to his sisters, or play games with other people arount the world. Another example I could use is my mom she talks to her family in @LOCATION1 and in other places too. If there wasn't computer's we couldn't our tests, we couldn't get information. I think computers are very good ideas, cause it's good when you got to pay your bills too. We could interact with friend and familys online too thats what a lot of tenns and aults do if there was a rainyday or if its snowing and we don't go the chance to see our friends or relitives. For some people they think it's not a good idea because some people get addicted to the computers, but there is so much that you could do that the computer won't get you board. Thats why I think that computers are a good idea and that they are very important."	4	4	8
966	"Dear editor of @ORGANIZATION1, I am writting this letter to you @CAPS4 I think people are not getting enogh exercise @CAPS4 they spend so much time on the computer and they are going to websites here are some things that I want you to write about so people can and @MONTH1 be aware. My first reason I exercise why this @CAPS4 so many people spent so much time on the computer they don't get they don't walk. They sit and want message their frends @CAPS1 day. Not worrying that they are ganning @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 A on their heart @CAPS4 of the @CAPS2. @CAPS4 of this it can @CAPS5 to heath @CAPS6 things could you can't do @CAPS15. m @CAPS7 reason @CAPS8 @CAPS9 websites to moral kids @CAPS10 @CAPS11 things they Are not suppose see when kids have free @CAPS12 computer excise the thing wen let me @CAPS11 this can @CAPS10 @CAPS11 @CAPS14 sites, gunsites, @CAPS15 to a things can make something they @MONTH1 really hurt someone or maybe even themselves. Kids try to learn @CAPS15 people talk like @CAPS16 websites things that they are not able to and over they can see Are @NUM1 on @CAPS16 @CAPS18. My third reason chat sites Places to get some attension They will @ORGANIZATION1 things they are not suppose to the @NUM2 year oldd man here some things to write are doing and please monitor them as much as you can to prevent this."	4	4	8
967	"Are people today spending to much time on computers. If so had done it affect thous. In our modern day people spend to time on computers. Both me and think that this is affecting people in many different ways. Some ways it by. Health your social life, and also your education. Spending to much time on a pc can effect your in many ways. For example exercise. The people spend all there time siting in a chair they could have a chance of gaining wait. Then you might be getting all the you need because your on the computer you might not go to to get the and veggies. Your want to just so you the computer. Social life @CAPS1, you could have with all the people you are also will them. Another big problem is education. Is you are all day on the computer anything @CAPS2 you it's not on the computer you Those are some of the resons why I think people shouldn't spend to much time on the computer."	4	4	8
968	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2: The effects computers have on people are bad because they are getting too addicted, the computers is a dangerous site to go on, and their brain is smarter then the @CAPS5, @ORGANIZATION1, they are getting too addicting because computers @MONTH1 have a benefit of you being able to serf the internet but you'll get hooked on it too much. For example, youtube is an internet siting that about @NUM1 people go on and barely get off. The people don't turn off their computers to just go get some exercise but just sit there staring at the @CAPS5 and messing up their eyesite. These people need to learn have the will power to get off the @CAPS5. Second, the @CAPS5 is a dangerous site to go on because some people in the @LOCATION1 give somebody their @CAPS3 on the @CAPS5 to somebody they don't know about. Almost @PERCENT2 of teens get kidnapped because od giving their @CAPS3 a way to stranger and @PERCENT3 of those teens don't get found. The @CAPS5 is also a place of where a child or teen @MONTH1 get cyber bullied. Cyberbullying is harrassing children or teens on the internet, when children under or over @NUM2 get cyberbullied they sometimes suffer through a deppression and don't tell their parents about it. Six months ago at my old @CAPS4, there was a volunteer at my @CAPS4 talking about cyberbullying and how he got so depressed because of the harrassment, that he commited suicide. The @CAPS5 is not always a safe place to be on. Finally, your brain more smarter than the @CAPS5.People can have the ability to depend more on their brains than on the their computers because your brains are like computers. About @PERCENT1 of people use their brain more often than computers and they have been successful through life. The brain is like a @CAPS5 because you can store information and nobody can hack into it. So therefore, computers have bad effects on people because they are getting to addicting, the @CAPS5 is a dangerous site to go on, and your brain is smarter than tha @CAPS5."	4	4	8
969	"Do you feel that computers effect you in a possitive way? well i don't. I feel that computers have a neggative effect on people. I feel this way because you wan't be getting enough excersize in your life, you'll have a high light bill, and it'll begin to interfear in your everyday life. Now that i've shown my reasons, all defind them in detailed sentences. To start my essay, i feel that people want begetting enough excersize. I feel this because if your on the computer all day, and you don't go outside to talk, as side your bike then you went be burning any calarise. You'll be come a couch potatoe which down the line can become fatal to your health. As you get oldes you can possibly became with a list of items that can be wrong with you such as diebites, high cholesteal, and heart problems. Also i feel that if you are constantly sitting in front of a computer @NUM1, then you can possibly injure your back, which can add on to the list of problems with your health do to not enough exersice. Next, i feel that if your constantly on the computer, then your parents will have an extremely high light bill. Your parents will be with you, can possibly be in to the light company. If your always on the computer non stop, before you knew it the bill will be so high be able to pay it, you'll hour a high light bill, and can possibly be without light in your house. My personal opinion is that i dont feel computers are worth a family being in without light. Finally, i feel that computers will day life. I feel way if your always on the computers, and your never outside, then your friends will like you want to be bothered. They'll feel like your ignoring them, and you'll begin to lose friends that been there for you, and helped you when you needed it most. Also computers can effect your everyday life by ruining your social life. You'll always be inside, while your missing opportunities to meet new people, and build your social skillz. To conclude this essay, live brought to you my ideas, and opinions about computers. I've explained to you my reasons wich are you want be getting enough excersize, you'll have a high light bill, and it'll interfear with in your every day life. I've provided you with facts, and details about the consequences about computers, now you decide whether computers have a possitive or negative efect on people."	4	4	8
970	"Dear Local Newspaper, I just heard that people are spending too much time on computers than with their families and friends. No @CAPS1 is not true just listen to the reasons why in a computer you can find people that you'r looking for. Also @CAPS1 can always help you on something that you need help on and you can do different kinds of activities. If you keep on reading you are going to see all the tipical reasons why I think that people are not spending much time on computers than with their families. (@NUM1) @CAPS2 reason why I think that people are not spending much time on computerr is because, the computer can help you look for a family member that your looking for or a friend. My second reason why I think this is because naybe you never met that family member and you want to get to know them. My last reason why I think this is because @CAPS1's really a person that you really love and need in your personal like. These are the reasons why I think that they are not spending to much times on the computers. (@NUM2) @CAPS3 reason why I think that people are not spending too much time on computers is because @CAPS1 can help you in many things that you need help on. My second reason why I think that they are not spending too much time on computers is because you can do your homeworks their and @CAPS1 can help you with @CAPS1. @MONTH1 last reason is because if you find something really difficult that you dont know @CAPS1 helps. (@NUM3) @CAPS4 I think that people are not spending too much time on the computers because you can do different kinds of activities their. My second reason why I think this is because when your having a @CAPS5 party and you need invitations the computer can help you. My last reason why I think this is because if you want to move to @CAPS3 state or country you can see the place on the website and then you can go. These are the reasons why I think that the computer is very helpfull. (@NUM4) I hope that after reading all the tipical reasons of computers like, @CAPS1 can help you on many things, you can look for people, and you can do different activities, that I really convinced you, also I hope that you really liked and enjoyed reading my letter."	3	4	7
971	"Dear @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 everybody relizes, technology is getting more advanced every single day. That is a good thing and could help people with everyday problems like @CAPS19, getting an answer to a problem, and @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS2 work. The more advanced Computers become, the more advanced People are. To start, Computers can help People comunicate just imagine someone on the other side of the world. you can use websites like @CAPS3 and e-mail to quickly comunicate with typing. I @CAPS4 like @ORGANIZATION2 can quickley send live videos of yourself all the way across the world . Without these technologies, we would never see each others faces and we would only be useung telephones. with @CAPS5 book, you can also @CAPS6 @CAPS7 like never before. Have you ever been in the situation when you can'@CAPS15 @CAPS6 @CAPS7? well I have @CAPS7 can be easily uploaded in a matter of minutes. It used to be that @CAPS10 traveled very slowly, @CAPS8, we can know about it only a few minutes after it happened, thanks to computers. Computers can relay information at practily the speed of light. It is also a lot easier to find the @CAPS10. You only need to @CAPS9 the mouse a few @CAPS18 and you find the biggest resivior of @CAPS10 ever. Their is international @CAPS10, @CAPS11 @CAPS10, and much more in the palm of your hand. @CAPS10 also travels @CAPS12 on the internet then on @CAPS10 @CAPS14 or @CAPS15.V. Their are also on line @CAPS10 @CAPS14 like the @CAPS16 @CAPS17 @CAPS18 and magazines like time. Have you ever felt sick, and you didn'@CAPS15 want to leave your house? Well how you ran do all your @CAPS19 on line. Their is no more going to a store to buy furniture or clothes you can just log on to a computer and have almost every store on your finger tips. Buy a whole @CAPS16 @CAPS20, a @CAPS16 couch, and even your groceries in only ten minutes. You can even shop for houses or cars online. @CAPS19 on the internet has truly changed the world in more ways the anyone could have belived fifteen years ago. To @CAPS21, computers have made life easier for almost every person who has one. @CAPS1 Computers get smarter, maybe they can also do incredible things like work for us and automaticly buy something for us if we are running out of @CAPS22. The @CAPS23 are endless."	5	5	10
972	"Dear Local Newspaper, @ORGANIZATION1's benefit society imensely. They help us learn about far away places, they help us with our school work and the let us communicate with other people online. We need computers. Computers allow us to learn about other countries, people, @CAPS1 etc... How would we learn about places we might want to go on vacation? Or how would we learn about the places we want to see, and the places we want to stay away from? We need computers to do this. We would never even know of some countries if it werent for computers. Next computers help us with our school work. Sometimes we get project spend most of them involve research! Computers make this a whole lot easier on us. Also instead of lugging your text books from school to home and back, we can use online textbooks. Why give us extra work, it's a waste of everyones time. Instead of wasting your minutes talking on a phone, you can chat online. Wasting minutes is wasting money. Who wants to do that? Besides using the keyboard to chat with friends will help you in the future. @NUM1 out of @NUM2 studens, say they prefer to talk online then to call someone. Computers benefit us by easy aces to info. Computers are a lot easier to help us with school work, than textbooks are. Lastly computers let us talk to other people online. Without computers everything would be so much harder."	3	4	7
973	"People are spending too much time on computers. People that spend to much time on the computer do not have time to interact with family or friends. People spened to much time on the computer. The kids that spend time on the computer get bad grades. They also get tired every easy. First of all people spend to much time on the computer. @PERCENT1 of kids spend @NUM1 to @NUM2 hours on the computer. I once spent @NUM3 hours on my computer on @CAPS1. A lot of kids go on @CAPS1, @CAPS2 and iTunes. My friend spent @NUM4 hours on those websites. People spend way to long on the computer. Another reason, kids that spend time on the computer get bad grades. @PERCENT2 of kids that spend a lot of time on the computer forget to study for test. Once I spent all night on the computer and the next day I failed a test. Kids forget to do homework to. My friend was having so much fun on the computer he forget to do his homework. Kids should get off the computer and worry about school. My final reason, kids get tired from being on the computer for so long. @PERCENT3 of kids get so tired they can't do anything once they get off the computer. I got so tired from being on the computer for so long I took a nap. @PERCENT4 of kids forget they made plans after school. One kid was so tired he blow the plans off that he made with his friends. Kids need to get away from the computer. In conclusion, kids spend to much time on computers. People spend to much time on computer. Kid end up getting bad grade because they spend time on the computer. Aslo, kids get tired very quickly from being on the computer. Something has to be done about this."	4	4	8
974	"Dear editor, Computers are becoming more and more prevalent in the @LOCATION1. Peolple are spending too much time on computers instead of on other activities, an effect not beneficial to society. Because of computers, people have lacked exercise, missed enjoying nature and other parts of the world and forgotten about interacting with family and friends. Computers should be used in moderation and not in place of other important events in our lives. First of all, computer users receive significantly less exercise than those who do not use computers. According to a survey done by the @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 only @PERCENT1 of computer users reported that they exercised at least once every week. In contrast, @PERCENT2 of non-computer users (non-frequent computer users) reported that they exrcised at least once every week. Can one imagine what it would be like if everyone was a loyal computer user? Nearly everybody would be overweight, lethaigic from lack of sleep due to hours on the computer, and unworldly. Getting exercise is an essential part of everyone's life, and lacking it could be deleterious to one's health. Hopping off the computer and instead getting exercise, would make for a healthier and more fit country. Not only do computers deprive people of getting exercise, but they also prevent people from enjoying nature and other parts of the world. By traveling to @CAPS1 and unfamiliar places in the world, one is able to experience and learn about other cultures. Going on the internet @MONTH1 be a decent way to learn about other places, but actually feeling the ambiance and environment of a foreign place is allows for a much more profound understanding of another place. For example. when I went to @LOCATION2 for a vacation, I learned about the differences in traditions and culture. I saw the separation between the poor and the rich when I lookes from humble sharks along the river to the portentous, eregant edifices scraping the sky. It was an experince I could not encounter on a computer. People should be able to enjoy the wonders and differences of the world not on a small screen of a computer, but through the screen of one's eyes. Lastly, computers inhibit people from interacting with family and friends. From my personal experiences, I tend to ignore friends and family. Speaking, playing, and generally socializing with others is a critical part of everyone's life. Without this basic necessity people cannot be happy. In summary, computers should not be used in excess. This sort of use could read to people getting less exercise, not fully experiencing the world, and closs of interaction with friends and family. To make a better country and nation, the people of the @LOCATION1 @LOCATION1 should make an effort to reduce computer use."	6	6	12
975	"Dear Newspaper editor I would like to make @CAPS3 about the benifits of owning a computer. For example you can learn many thing you would of never of been able too, you can also go in chat rooms and talk with friends or other people and it can even make teaching esyer too. Computers in many countres are standard and we use then to learn many things but if you bring one to the tribes in @LOCATION1 it will look like a alein object but once they know how to use it it can open there eyes for ever many people in remote ribes and areas dont even know theres been a man on the meon. Another great thing about the computer is you can pay bills such as taxes, insurance, credit cards and othe payments which is good so if you cant get of your house or the place is closed you wont get late fees and it can even help you save large amounts of money too. Many people use the computer to socialize by joining online website such as @CAPS1, twitter and myspace were you can talk veiw pictures and see what friends are up to. Also on @CAPS2 you can message friends too. Further more many people play games on the computer some are single player and some are online and have millions of players on at a time. you can also hook other gaming system up to your computer to play with other people and even yet hints and cheats too. The biggest reasons that computers are benifit though is that they revolutionized school now for homework instead of doing a work sheet you go on the computer and do it and print it out or email it to your teacher. Another reason the computer is amazing is that it makes research for projects and home work much more easyer, redrable and it ean give you a much more broader view of the topic. By far the best thing ahead the computer is the fact that many teachers use them to teach with and show videos. Therefore it is much easier to learn and under stand thing wich will help us in the future be successful. Also many kids pay less attention when a teaches is giving a lecture but when there is a computer playing a video it will grasp the students attention much better. These are all the reasons why I think the computer is a excellant invention and every family and school should own one I hope you will find my @CAPS3 very persuading and puplish it."	4	4	8
976	"Dear Newspaper, In @DATE1's world we are dependent on computers. @DATE1 computers have become the most helpful source of technology. We need computers for so many things, and they benefit society. They can help people talk online, they're educational, and they improve hand eye cordination. It has been amazing how computers help us so much. We need computers like we need water. If we didn't how would we survive? Computers have become the glue to friendships. They help keep friendships when you don't see the friend constantly. I have a friend that moved to @LOCATION1 last year. It was way too expensive to just call ot text her. So as a result, I keep in contact with her through the computer. Everyday we @CAPS1 and use skype to keep intouch. Those cost @MONEY1 per year. If I were to call her each call would cost @MONEY2. if it weren't for the internet I seriously know that our friendship would collapse. Computers have been so helpful for many people with this same problem. Computers have become the number one source to find information. They have become more popular than the library and text books combined. So many essential resources are on computers. Text books, calculators, and even homework are online. Many people say that computers aren't educational, but scientists say it can move a students grade from a @CAPS2- to an A+. Teachers say the same thing too. one of my fellow students said that computers changed his life. He used to be forgetting to write down his homework, but he looks online and he has all of it. Now he knows what pages to read from the science book. If you don't think that computers have changed students lives, well think again. There are also games that improves hand eye cordination. Many sports teams like the @CAPS3 use this. It has increased there hand eye cordination by @PERCENT1. the team says if it wasn't for the hand eye cordination game, then they would have never have won the @CAPS4 @CAPS5. this game is also free online for anyone to use. Everyone that has used it said it really improved there reaction time. The games are also fun and non violent. They have games like baseball, hockey, and hurdles. This game has made a great improvement on people's lives. If we don't have computers then our hand eye cordination will decrease by @PERCENT2. would you want to be the person to take away computers? In conclusions computers have made a great impact on @DATE1's society. Computers are educational, you get to talk to friends, and improve your hand eye cordination. Computers have made a big improvement on how we live, and it's for the better. If we didn't have computers then friendships would break, grades would decrease, and hand eye cordination would plummit. We need computers they have been so beneficial to billions of people across the globe. Many people depend on computers. So if we take away computers then you'll be letting many lives down. No sane person would want to take away computers. Computers have benifited society in so many ways. "	5	5	10
977	"Dear @CAPS1, I agree with the experts that people spend to much time on the computer, people should be exercising, reading, or spending time with friends and family. But people are so lazy and would rather be sitting and doing something on the computer and if they dont start doing other things instead of being online they could become overweight. My first reason why people should spend less time online is because people need to exercize. Seriously people should be taking walks around the block or going to the gym or even playing a sport instead of playing on the computer all day and doing nothing and without exercising you will become overweight and lazy. My second reason why I think people should spend less time online is because you should be spending time with your friends and family not ignoring them because your doing something on the computer. Thats just rude, so why dont you go and have a family game night or go out to eat with your family and you could also watch a movie, go skating, or even go to the park with your friends because thats a lot more fun than being online all day. My last reason why people should spend less time online is because everyone should have time to just read a good book honestly just walk down to your local library and check out a book because reading is way better for your brain than doing stupid stuff on the computer. So in conclusion, in my opinion I think people should spend less time online is because if you dont get enough exercize you can become over weight and lazy, and not spending a lot of time with your friends and family is just rude and reading is very good for you unlike staying on the computer, well that is all I have to say for now."	4	4	8
978	Dear local newspaper I think that usieng computers help people becuse if we did not have computers we would not now ehey thing about eneyone or eneything like all of the @CAPS1 I would not now eneything about them but with computers I know alot about them and there lives like @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 got shot in the back of the head and. @CAPS4 got shot to and I know alot about the @ORGANIZATION1 there white people that to fear in to black people and the same with the wars like world @NUM1 and world @NUM2 and the @CAPS5 and @PERSON1 and the @CAPS6 war there was like plain spy palin flying across @LOCATION1 and they shot him down becuse we were trying to see if thay had eney nuculer bombs offer there. And the same with google and yahoo with google you can type in eneything and you will get a answer and most liked a corect answer yahoo and google is great for some worke and products end studying becuse you then you do to and that I think that computer are good.	3	3	6
979	"Dear @LOCATION1 news paper I have over heard this debate on weather computers are good influinces on people or not. I am sending you this message to state my opinion on the matter and in my opinion I think the computer has very good efects on people. Not only dose it have a good effect on people it also effects companies places and governments. There are many reasons why it has a good effect on people but the first and maybe one of the most important is it is an amaizing learning tool. When people are on the internet they could learn just about anything they want to on the giant mass of information we call the internet. It not only dose this but people learn how to do things through simulators from flying a plane to driveing a car. There is even more learning ability on the internet because a lot of people get home schooled on it through the internet and this @MONTH1 be an important part of their education because they might not be able to go to school because they are alway on the road or they move a lot of whatever their reason is. The computer is an important part in the invancement of the people's education. Not only can people use the computer in education but it is used as a tool in many ways, lets say your making a movie and need special effects they will use of photo shop or you need to collect and store changing information like lets say you want to stack you can always or down on a computer. Even if you were a construction worker you could your blue prints with pinpoint accuracy. Another less important thing about the computer is it gives many people entertainment. Lets you come home your bored you have nothing to do play a video game look around on the internet, it is also an important way of getting their music and or videos. This also effects many buissness and if the buissness go under becaus people werent moving ther stuff a lot of jobs will be lost and that is the last thing we need. The government also relies highly on the internet. They need it to make plans, save soldiers, and comunicate with other countries. And last but not the least we have the fitness and wellfare of the people useing computers. All I can really say to that is it is their decision. If they get off they can and if they won to sit there and waste or "	4	5	9
980	"You want my opinion on the effects computers have on people? Well, I believe that computers help people educate people and some computers people relie on. It's time to decide if you agree with me that computers have positive effects on people. Do you agree with me that computers can help people? Say for example you have a question noone in your home can answer. Why not @ORGANIZATION2 it? Of course once in a while you're going to get a school project. Surely you'll need information, but the library is closed. And you don't @CAPS3 what to do. Simple, all you have to do is reasearch it on your computer. Don't you agree that computers help people? I remember this one time I entered a @CAPS1 contest, and the @CAPS2 I needed was lost, then I remembered I put it in my computer. Computers can be relied on by people. Just think about it! Almost over @PERCENT1 of jobs out in the world relie on the technology of a computer. For example the @ORGANIZATION1 job. It would be kind of hard to keep track of how much trash is thrown out every year without a computer, surely banks use computers too! To keep track of everyone's allowance and money situations. Let's not forget about what lawyers do? There are some lawyers incart who use the computer to type up every word said. They turn the words into short and to keep up with what people are saying. Did you @CAPS3 that without these computers ever half the million jobs in the world would fail? Some people would agree that some online games are educational. For example, there is @CAPS4. That game teaches you words you probably never seen before. And don't forget @CAPS5. That game improves your counting of numbers. Last, but not least would be @CAPS6 @CAPS7. That game sharpens your skill and exercises your brain. Strategy come in handy, surely you now see that some games are very educational. In conclusion, I agree that the effects computers have on people are positive. Because computers help people, are reliable, and can educate people. It's now or never do you agree that computers have positive effects on people?"	5	5	10
981	"Computers do not have a negitive effect on people. They keep you in touch with family, help you do work for school, also allow you to play video games and look up music. Computers can keep you in with family and friends. Find locations to where the live. How their doing and what have they been up to. It allows you to e-mail and lets you see friends that moved far away. Computers also help you to work for school. They help you find answeres to questions a teacher could ask. They help you write reports or reports in general for any subject. Also, there many site that you could go to; to help you with a book.The sites could also bring you to your schools website. That way, if you forgot your home work was you have a place to check. Even if you were absent most papers I questions are on the internet so you could make end to the homework. Another common thing computers are used ten is to weecth movies. Rather a old movie or a new release. Computers also do the same thing for music. Anything from @CAPS1 to @CAPS2 to country and back can be. or new @CAPS3 shows and music all be find. Video games are also popular. Many people play these because; people can friends. Talk to friends that they havent seen in a long time. They to not be bored. If it's raining out and nothing to to the here games. And if you one to talk to thiers always someone there to lister to you and maybe become your friend. So computers are not a waste. They can keep you in touch, you new friends get rid of find an serches everything in @CAPS4 shows, music and movies."	4	4	8
982	"Dear local newspaper writer, I'm writting to talk to you about the use of computers. I think computers benifit our comunties a lot. I feel this way because it can warn us about a natural disaster. It teaches us about everything & everything. Last we get to talk to people online In these next paragraphs ill share my thoughts about this topic to you. My first reason is natural disasters. Computers always warn us about them. For example when hurricane katrina hit computers were able to see that on their. Many people was able to flee the city before that happened. States shows @PERCENT1 of the natural disasters computer classified them. Computers saves people live eaach & every. Another example is with the earthquakes that recently happened in @LOCATION1. Computers informed many people about them. Those were my reasons how computers warn us about natural disasters. My second reason why I say computers benifit us is because it teaches us about everything & anything we learn about faraway places, new word & things that is happening in our own country. For example I had to research a person my project & all I dis was type in his name & pages full of information popped. You will be amazal how much information the computer has. Comuter has everything you need on as person & so much more. this is my second reason why computers are helpful. My last reason we get to talk online. Now the has its pros & cons. Talking online is very fun. I mean you in many website, myspace, facebook, twitter. Its never ending. People can talk to old friends, family anybody really. But many people have to be careful cause their creeps out ther. Like say you can't meet up with you friend you can @ORGANIZATION1 or ooVoo (webcame) them. The computer is you friend. So you might as well make good use with it. This is my last reason now the computer can benifit you. In conclusion I think the computer makes the world that much easier. My reason why you ask. It warns us about, natural disaster. It teaches us everything & anything. Last up can talk online."	5	4	9
983	"@CAPS1 judgment comes from expirience, and expirience comes from bad judgement, qouted from my uncle's dad. Computers haven't been around all that long for the public, so the public has little experience. Therefore, the public also lacks @CAPS1 judgement in using computers and the detrimental effects are starting to show. Computers have caused damage to people! To begin with, computers can be a @CAPS2 issue for people. In studies in @LOCATION1, @NUM1 out of @NUM2 @CAPS3 who spend their time (@NUM3 or more hours) are wearing glasses. Because of bad @CAPS2 effects the screen has on your eyes. Furthermore, computer games are made to be addicting, which causes @CAPS3 to sit in front of the computer instead of excercising. This @MONTH1 be one of the biggest causes of obesity in @LOCATION2! My little brother used to be addicted to a flying game, and he sat in front of it for hours every day and started to get fat. As soon as he stopped playing it and going outside more he immediatly started to lose fat. Therefore, people need to move around more instead of sitting in front of the computer. To continue, my second argument is about detrimental effects computers have on the enviroment. First, computers need electricity to run. That electricity comes from power plants. Over @PERCENT1 of @LOCATION2's powerplants are coal, petroleum, or natural gas based. When people turn on the computer because they are bored, it wastes electricity that doesn't need to be used. Furthermore, scientists suspect humans are now a major cause of global warming. It is common sense that those powerplants burn their respective fuels to create electricity. In other words there is a definite connection between computers and global warming. Also, the powerplants release pollutants into the air that can eventually cause acid rain. To end with, my last argument is about people's skills. In a school survey, @CAPS3 who used their computers for more than @NUM4 hours per day didn't know how to cook or how to even light a match! There is a definite connection between the two as most people just put something in the microwave to eat to be able to go back to the computers as fast as possible. The matches are lit by parents to light fires or candles, But what happens when a natural disaster strikes like in @LOCATION3 or @LOCATION4? How will @CAPS3 be able to fend for themselves? The only way to cook would be with fire. There wouldn't be microwaves to cook canned food with. Furthermore, how would @CAPS3 be able to even start a fire without @CAPS4 how to light a match? Evidently excessive computer use could have very detrimental effects in a natural disaster, even to adults, so we need to stop it! Do you want @LOCATION2 to be thought of as @CAPS5 and @CAPS6? Should the enviroment, our only home, suffer because of a few bored people? How will we handle a major natural disaster? In conclusion, people are spending too much time on their computers, and they need to stop! People are becoming @CAPS6, @CAPS7 the environment, and losing important life skills. We need to all come together and cooperate to keep people healthy, to retain our life skills, but most importantly ssave our one and only beautiful @LOCATION5."	6	5	11
984	"Dear local newspaper, I agree that people are spending more time on the computers and less time doing other important stuff. For example, they don't spend time exercising, enjoying nature, and they don't spend time with their family. Those are very important things that people don't undeRstand that they are missing of. First, people that spend a lot of time on the computer don't do exercise. Doing exercise is good for your health. If you don't do exercise when you get older your bones are going to work. Also, you could get fat and that is bad for your heart. Just for being on the computer people don't pay attention to their health. Next, people don't enjoy the beautiful nature that is outside. Is beautiful when you hear the birds singing or seeing the plants outside. People are forgeting about nature. They don't recycle so the planet could be clean. The air that we smell is not clean because they don't care about nature. Instead of being on the computer they chould help so the world could be better. Finally, people don't spend time with the people that love them. Is very important to spend time with your family. People don't realize thats the first thing in life is your family. Instead of being on the computer, is fun going to the beach with your kids, wife, father, and etc. In conclusion, i believe that computers affect on people. People just for being on the computer they don't do exercise, enjoy nature, and they don't spend time with their family. Now that you heard my , i ask you to think about yours."	4	4	8
985	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, I am here to prosoade you to agree with me on, that the use of computers does benift society. Some reasons why I think this are school work and business stuff. Also the over all reasearch on important things. My first reason why I think that computer use is benifiting society is because @CAPS6 is oftenly used for school work. In example use @CAPS6 for projects. Also some type of reasearch they might be interested in. But one of the most important reasons why computers use is so high is because, there are a lot of people taking online classes. Wheather its for college or for the sake of your own learning. This is why I think school work shoud be a valid reason for benifiting society. My second reason why I think @CAPS6 benifits our society is the business or job part of the computer. Many people, @CAPS7 a days work at home, they have their own office. They all most create their own company. Another reason is many people also use ""@CAPS4 @CAPS5"" or publisher. @PERCENT1 of the people who work at public businesses do this, going along with ads, when could also or another reason for this. But then again, you could @CAPS7 pay your bills on line! I remember when I helped my mother pay on of the bills online, and let me tell you, ""@CAPS6 was easy!"". My mother said she do @CAPS6 more often @CAPS7 that she knows how to use @CAPS6!"" @CAPS7 the business side should be more then enough, for me to convince you. My last reason is over all reasearch on all important things. Some of these important things are: online catalogs, the news and another one the most important things of all job openings. I know my self, and I love to shop! So instead of leaving the house, I just go on the online catalog to my favorite store called ""@CAPS8"". The main reasons why I go online is b/c they have more variety and sizes. @CAPS7 for the news, thats all for my parents b/c i don't watch the news. Lastly, job openings @CAPS7 that I am @NUM1, I would like to find a job, even if its mimumum wage. @CAPS6's still something, right? This should be a high priced reason for agreement! In @CAPS9, I think my @NUM2 reason are very well clear; school work, business, and over all reasearch. If these reasons don't convince you I dont know what will!?"	5	5	10
986	"Dear local newspaper, Computers have a lot of affects on people. Some affects are it takes away from family and friends, you don't really have a social life and you don't get enough excersise. Computers take away from friends and family time. I did an interview yesterday with @PERSON1; and I asked,"" @CAPS1 you go over your grandmas house what do you usually do?"" @CAPS2 said, ""I usually use the computer."" @CAPS3 do you want to use the computer while your their? your with your family your supposed to spend time with them. Play a game like monopoly, or play @CAPS4. Those are fun and great way to interact with your family. If your family member doesn't have those games bring them! People think that because there is facebook, aim, e-mail, and myspace that your interacting with friends. You really aren't. I asked my friend @PERSON3 what @CAPS2 thought of those things and @CAPS2 said ""They are great interacting websites."" They really aren't. They are websites on the computer. While you are on the computer your not really maintaing a social life. Your town holds activites or has a fun place you could too. Your town @MONTH1 have a gym, community center, or a library. Go their and hangout with friends interact with them. Go to school, goto the library, and hang out with friends are great ways to interact with people. People don't think about @CAPS1 your sititng in your computer chair and @CAPS5. While your sitting in the chair your not excercising, @CAPS1 you keep @CAPS5 your gaining weight. You might get fatter @CAPS1 your stuffing your face wih cheez- itz and not excersising I asked @PERSON2 a question it was what do you do while your on the computer? @CAPS2 said ""I eat.."" @CAPS5 isn't bad, but @CAPS1 your not really paying attention you eat more than you need. Your town has rec leaguges of sports such as @CAPS6, softball, and baseball. Join a team instead of playing on the computer and @CAPS5. Get @CAPS7! Computers aren't the greastest things in the world. You don't stay fit with them, you aren't very social, and you don't really spend time with your family. Computers don't really help you grow up, and be mature for the future."	5	4	9
987	"Many people say that computer is help them in their every day life. A few examples are you could learn about places you didn't know about by searching on google. You get facts reviews about the place. You are exercising your fingers. It helps with communicating with other people. It can help you find long lost family. It reunites lots of family & friends you might have been looking for. Also with hand & eye coordination. And that means you can write/type without having to look at other features that cames through with a computer is going online. You can look & browse at things available in a store. Without driving all the way to the store & wasting gas & polluting the air. I.Ms a way of finding what's happening world wide & breaking news. You can still interact with family & friends & can meet new people. There's e-mail, instant messaging & much more. So you can always interact with & if they dont have a account signing up is. If you just go into nature you don't know what's there. You could look it up and find out what the park has to offer. And that concludes my opinion on how computers are helpful & lots of diverse ways."	3	3	6
988	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 name is @PERSON1 and I will be talking about the wonderful impact computer technology has had on man kind. So many great discoveries and great topics have been found on the compture, studees have shown <@PERCENT1@NUM1> of famous in the united states has at least one computer in there house holds. There a great way look up important information withoout going to the and searching for hours, to contract others, and lets face it they make our a life a whole lot easier. Imagine this! your stressed and on edge you have just @NUM2 hours searching for a topic on your upcoming history essay. You have a pounding head ache and just want to quit, your probably in the libary reading through hundreds of books. Now imagine you being at home sprawled across your lap, all it takes is a few taps on your keyboard and bam! Instant information. Now how easy was that, thats one of the great impacts computer have made on us, humanity. Computers are terrific to learn things with a fast pase to it. I personally have used computers to @CAPS2 advantage you logon go to google type the subject of knowledge and its just like you have a personal teacher in your own home. A local study has been underway the have a groups, @CAPS6 A which has a libary full of books and @CAPS6 @CAPS3 a @CAPS6 with a @CAPS4 @CAPS5, The scientist gave them all the same essays, @CAPS6 @CAPS3 <@PERCENT1@NUM3> of student have passed with flying colars while @CAPS6 A <@PERCENT1@NUM4> passed with a @CAPS9 or higher. Thats important because higher grades, means higher test scores. higher test scores equal fundimg. I think computers are the best invention and is not imparing humans its evolving them. Imagine this! your sitting at home crying because your special other has moved far away from you well computers are a great way to reconect with that person. Computers have software were you can instant message, send emails, or even video chat with that person. For even some business man its an way to have meetings without flying @NUM5 miles. I have @NUM2 aunts that I cannot live without who are @CAPS2 strong base who I cant live without talking to for a day. Without computers I dont know what I would do. Scientist tool surveys that @PERCENT1 to the @CAPS10.S.A has family in other states, countries, or even contents, hey have to have some way to be in contact. @CAPS2 last reason is I know we have to admit it computers have made me and your life easier. Some jobs that have opened up giving unwadged citizens a sorce of income on computers. <@PERCENT1@NUM1> of jobs relay on computers. Imagine a chasier counting all the money, a banker having to take time counting one by one other peoples cash, a telemarketer calling with no way of information. All these ways and more that computers have impacted us. Now lets see how has computers not needed our learning ability, contracting others, and last but NOT least made me and yours life better. Computers are a terrific way for human to adap to the fast life."	6	6	12
989	"Dear newspaper I think that there are many reason why computers are good for people. Compters are good for people because they help keep friends conected. Reason two is that they can be great knowledg   for people. @CAPS1 third reason that computers are good for people is that there are many programs that are team based and help people with teamworks and team building skills. Those are three of the many reasons why I think that computers are good for people and have had a positive effect. First of all, I think that computers are good for people because they help keep friends connected. If you move to another town, go to a colledge far away, or move because of a job you will most likely, if @CAPS5 is further away, loose connection with you friends. But, using a computer can solve that problem. In social networking sites like @CAPS3, twitter and myspace you can simpily look up your distant friends from  you previoulsy lived and have contact with them. Youi can catch up with each other, recall good times you've had, end maybe make plans to meet each other sometime. @PERCENT1 of @CAPS2 have been reconnected using social networking site on a computer. Experts also say that @CAPS5 is important to stay connected with your past to sustain a well being and to be happier. I have had an experience when a scoial networking site has reconnected me with a @CAPS2. When i was younger I had a @CAPS2 whos grandmother lived  to @CAPS1 dad. After a little over a year of  him being good friends be moves to @LOCATION1, I thought I would never hear from him again. Later that year I also moved to a different town, @CAPS1 @CAPS2 searched me on @CAPS3 and we got connected again, I have found out he moved back to where I use to live. That is the first reason I think that computers are @CAPS4 good for people. The second reason, @CAPS5 is that computers can be great knowledge scources for people. If you ever need to set information   that not have to  through the  of book,then, a computer is the thing for you. As long as you than  to find an accurate and reliable scourse than a computer. Is an amazing tool. You can look up almost anything and you will be able to find locks of information on @CAPS5. Statistics show that you can find @PERCENT2 more information on a computer than a book. Experts have stated that soon books will be obsolite and computer will rain  as knowledge scources. That is the second reason why I think computers are good for people. Last of all, I think that computers are good for people because there are many programs that help with teamwork and team buildings skills. What I  by programs is yes of course videogames. Almost all of the computer games out have multiplayer features. Withins the multiplayer universe there are match types that involve a great amount of teamwork. In the age games you must communicate and talk to your team if you want to win. And that is the only way you will win is by using teamwork. That is @CAPS1 third reason why I think computers are good for people. In conclusion, I think that computers are good for people, they help to reconnect friends, , knowledge, and build teambuilding skills with programs that are out for @CAPS5."	4	5	9
990	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I'm writing you today so you can see why advanced technology is a positive effect on people. My reasons for wrint this is because computers allow people to talk online to others people learn about faraway places, and finally it teacher hand-eye coordination. As you read my letter I hope you fell the same way. First of all computers allow you to talk to other people online. The reason I feel this way is what if you can't fond your fone in your hose or even your cell phone, you could see if they were online. Also its the same thing as texting, but with a bigger keyboard/screen I can relate to this because I was texting someone and went online to find whtm on too, so we sent aims to each other instead. I hope you can see why computers can be good for people. Secondly not a lot of people will go to the library to look up information for a paper for a school. The reason I feel this way is a computer has google to make finding things easier. Another reason is going to the library @MONTH1 cause you send more money to fill up your gas tanks. I can relate this because everytim my family goes to the library we have to fill the car up after we go. This is another reasons why computers a good. Finally the computers can teach hand-eye coordination. The reason for this is because if your writing an email then you should know the keys that your fingers touch. Another reasons why computers are hand-eye coordination is because if your kid take karayta then might have learned to move there hands that fast from somewhere. I can relate ti this because when I was in the first grade there was a guy that you told me and my friends that be need us to get in the truck to help him find his lost puppy, and he tried grabbing me but I pulled my hard away before I became pinned. I hope you can see why we need computers. I would like to that the I for sitting and reading my essay. Once again my reasons for writing where people can talk to other people online, learn about faraway places, and finally hand-eye coordination. I hpoe you will rethink why we should have computers in school."	4	4	8
991	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I agree that computers had a positive effect on people. They teach hand-eye coordination give the ability to learn about faraway places and people and allow people to talk online with other people. More people should see computers as a positive effect on people. Spending time on a computer is a great way to enhance your hand-eye coordination. It also teaches you how to type fast. Typing is an important skill that you need for most jobs. It is so important that have throuhout school teaching us how to type. we also use hand-eye coordination is loaded and. You have to keep your eye on the and move your arms and hands to hit the. Computers are helpful in many ways. Have you ever about what looks like or what would be found on it? With a computer you can. Comuputers give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people. You can get pictures some important cities and places, and some knowledge on the people who lies there. Yes, you would do this in a social studies look buts is much easier and faster online. Computers save time and make your life easier. Computers are learning more and more advanced everyday. They give you the oppurtunity to talk with people online whether the world the street. In order to do this you need a web. They are sold in computer stores and some are already installed into the computer. Being able to talk with people online is a really great thing. Its a fast way to learn about that person and maybe about them if they one from a different country. Its almost like a pen pal last your in a computer. People are saying that computers have a negative effect on people. They say people are spanding to much time an computer and not on exercise. They also say that they are not interacting with family and friends. All of these things should be. All you have to do is manage your time. Or not all day on the computer. If you do this thinks everyone will say that computer your positive effect and are one of the last invention created. I would like to thanks all f the reader for there time and hope hat you all support me and my ideas."	4	5	9
992	"Computers can take a lot of a person's time, but there are also benefits to having one. You could gain loads of knowledge and make interaction with others easier with a click of the cursor. The computer is the smartest thing youll ever see. All the facts of life and the world are put into it. Think of all the knowledge you would have from reading articles you find on google.com and all the other search engines. Wondering what is the best way to get somewhere? You can also look at maps of the whole world and zoom all the way to birds eye view. There's your map with just a click of the cursor. Does your child have a question from school that even you can't answer? There are help sites that can show and explain how to do your homework. Or if your child doesn't know what the homework and their friends are busy and can't tell them, most schools have websites with information about everything in school. There's your child's grades with just a click of the cursor. Your late for a party and you don't have a cell phone, but your family has one computer and you know your friend will be on. You can just log on to your facebook, twitter, or myspace and tell them your running late. It's @DATE1, no one writes letters anymore; there's e-mail and instant messaging. Letters take forever to write and if you mess up you have to start over. When you type, all you do is hit ""backspace"" and you write over only your mistake. Letters also take forever to recieve, while instant messeges come, well, instantly! Haven't seen your cousin or just want to see them? Computers are being made with webcams, or you can simply buy a detached one. You could be talking with your friend and seeing them right on your computer just with a click of the cursor. Don't think that's enough? If you explored the computer, then you'd find it can help you with a lot more than just learning and interaction."	5	5	10
993	"Coumputors are mind browning on what they can do. They can make or break somone financhely. They also can perduce amasing graphis that aritist cant perduce. Coumputrs are also for great for recer antal acitivitys, and they also take your life away. I not talking about a real life @CAPS1 talking about the activitys you do away from home. Now lets see the benifits and problems we come so far on how we handle money. We use to put it in chets and hide them now all we do is click and type in a securty number. people can also invist in items but invisting is tricky you dont always win. You can win small or lose big they say @CAPS2 coumputers today are hd. The screens are made of a liquid crystal fourmula that hardens. The lights in the back pixels do most of the wort to bring stunning graphis to life. On coumputers today people make money by selling graphis they made on coumputers. So this would be another plus on what a coumputor dose to a human. I went to a school to lern how to perduce great graphis. All teens kids and adults have used a coumputer for recerantol acivitys. On todays coumputors you can play games watch videos, and listen on coumputors. People do this to engoy then selfs. Some people ran get in trouble for fooling around on the web. But there is nothing stressed out and just playing some games for a while, personly I like to go on youtube and find funny vidos after school. I use to own a youtube account and get many views. The worst thing about coumpurts is it can ruin plan gobo or somones socal life some people get addicted and cant stop being on the coumputor until it is takin away. For example some people play world of war craft get addicted and cant stop! I had a problem when I had to chek you tube a lot. Well I hoped you readers. No matter what happens I think coumputors bennafit more than the problems"	4	4	8
994	"On today's society many new technologys have been released. Such as the @NUM1 player, cell phone, video game counsels such as xbox @NUM2 but probably the most popular and most used is the computer. The ability. and search information in just a couple of clicks. Some people are with technology that they almost get addicted to it and use it every chance they get. Is this good for people is what there doing affecting there health and physical activity. Yes, people these days are affect by the internet greatly. Such websites in once the addiction highly such as facebook, myspace, and youtube. These are probably the is for school. In the @NUM3 years sence facebook. the level increased dramatically and so have the high pressure level! Dr. @DR1 says. This online behavior must stop people are getting addicted and gaining wait from the lock of physical activity. As you can see the online internet can be very use but not something that should be used non stop it can affect you helth and bring other dangers."	4	4	8
995	"There has been a debate weather computers benefit society or hurt society. I personnaly agree with th statement that computers benefit in society. I think that computers do improve your hand-eye coordination. When you can type fast and accuratly you know your hand eye coordination is doing well. I remeber as a kid I would watch my grandmother type about seventy-five words per minute. Just from her year of practice, she becamr very computer coordinated. My hand-eye coordination is becoming a lot better because I have types for a long time. Scientists say that @PERCENT2 or people that type for at least four years become better hand-eye coordinated typing fast keeps your fingers quick and agile. I once read a book on computers and an expert said ""the invention of the computer keyboard could possibly be the greates hand-eye coordination practice ever."" @CAPS1 plus about computers is that they allow you to learn about far away places wtihout really going there. In school you can do projects on other countries without traveling just by using a computer. I once had to do a class project on @LOCATION1 and got a @PERCENT1 just by using a computer, people can look up information on countries for pleasure too. Mu mom just wanted to learn about @LOCATION2 so she just looked it up on the internet from her computer. You can research schoold too. My older sister went online to bok at collges without acctually traveling to the actual college states. Finally one more thing you can do on a computer is talk to people online. There is such a thing as @CAPS2-mail which allows you to write people over the internet on the computer. I remember when my baseball coach was going to tell me I made the team he just @CAPS2-mailed my parents because it was the most simple way to get it done. There is also such a thing as @CAPS4 (instant messaging) that allows you to imediatly talk to somebody and for them to immidiatly talk to you back. I remeber I used to go on @CAPS4 everyday to talk to friends. Also you can video chat which allows you to directly see somebody and actually talk to them physically. I read a news article on video chatting and an expert said ""video chatting is the single best way to communicate with someone without being right inforn of them talking with them. These reasons are why I think computers are a big help in our society."	4	4	8
996	Dear: @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3…. My name is @PERSON1 and I am concernd about people around the world are use computer is to much during the day. Some compute's are bad because there are glitche's in the computer and every one has a myspace and myspaces has a viries and it leaves a vires in your computer and your computer shut's down or goes slow. Also people can hack your computer and you cant find out about and every thing that was on your computer can go around the world. People can kno your most secread's and more. Finly you can get caught macking movies on your computer and go to jail and your business will be out.	2	3	5
997	"Dear @CAPS1, People use computer all over the world, for one reason or another, but they are very necessary in our world. That is why computers have a good effect on people today. They help us contact distant family members. Kids rely on them for studying or homework. Adults need them for their jobs, like sending emails or typing a proposal. Thats why computers have a good effect on us. Like me, many kids have family across the ocean or just across the country, either way, contacting them is tough. Calling them @MONTH1 be expensive in most cases and sending letters certantly take to much time to reach them. With email, the message will be sent quickly and free. You can also have conversations through email with no problem. Another very effective way to contact family is through skype or a web cam. This way you can see your family from miles away in the comfort of your own home. Computers help kids too. Kids like me always have homework on the computer. It could be typing up a final draft of a paper or taking notes on a historical figure, either way they both require a computer. Sure, there are books to take notes on people, but do books type up papers? Kids and teenagers can also use them for studying. I constantly use the computer to practice spanish buy using a website with worksheets a flash card to help me. Computers nbot only help kids, they help adults too. MAny adults in @LOCATION1 and othe countries are business men and woman. They are constantly sending emails, typing proposals and all those things. And without a computer all that would be very challenging. Business men are not the only ones doing that though. My father, an electrition, has to sned out emails and documents about his latest project several times a week. Aside from work, we use them in our everyday lives. For example, ordering clothes and toys, but most popular is doing your taxes online. It is quicker easier and that is why @PERCENT1 of @CAPS2 finish their taxes online. Computers have a good effect for people of this age. Not only i sthat my opinion, it is also more of a fact. They help us stay connected with distant relatives, help our children stay on top in school and help our parents and other adults in their jobs in everyday lives. Not only are they helpful, but they are necessary and I hope your agree with me."	6	4	10
998	"Computers. One of the much enjoyed pieces of technology. But it is also one of the many distractions. Many people ponder if computers are really beneficial. I am one of those thinkers. I think that computers don't always benefit society. They have many, many distractions such as facebook, online games, and even inappropriate images and videos. If you really think of it, are computers as beneficial as we think? My friend, @PERSON2 was just told about facebook, and got a membership. It just started out as a 'na big deal' kind of thing. She went online often, just to check on her status and if she had any messages in her inbox, and that's @CAPS2. But then, she was full-blown addicted. She applied for @CAPS2 the clubs and groups, and she started getting behind in school. She was obtaining a plethora of @CAPS1's on most of her tests after not studying because she was on for almost six hours everyday. @PERSON2 would come home and not even bother to do homework, but would just immediately go online. After one month of being a member, she was failing @CAPS2 of her classes, and her mom took her computer priveleges away. See, she was distracted by one, little thing, and her whole life was almost destroyed. ""But, mom, i'm in the middle of a game! And I'm winning!"" @PERSON1 says vistoriously. @PERSON1 loves online games, and he wins almost @PERCENT1 of the time. But, that's not the point. He plays games @CAPS2 the TIME. @PERSON1's game playing gets in the way with the interaction of him and his family. He @CAPS3't played eith his four year old sister, @PERSON3 since she was two years old. his mother also often eats dinner alone. Sometimes, he even views inappropriate pictures when his mom is out shopping. When he's playing a game, a girl @CAPS4 him, ""@CAPS5 at my pic. They're hot! and he looks at them. He thinks they're harmless but that's not what his mother thinks. his gaming has gotten in the way of his family and social life. most people think that computers are beneficial because you can find cool information. But, you can get @CAPS2 kinds of information from books. Instead of typing '@ORGANIZATION1', you could just @CAPS5 for it in a library. It takes less time, and you won't get carpal tunnel as easily. See? Computers aren't as beneficial as most think. There are @CAPS2 kinds of distraction, and these are only a few."	5	5	10
999	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 do you think is the best technology made so far? Computer! They are the best technology because you can do anything on the computer. My friends say computers are one @ORGANIZATION1 the best technology because the internet can help a lot @ORGANIZATION1 things like if you have research paper. Research has proven that computers are a positive effect on people. My mom says computers are one @ORGANIZATION1 the most hardiest tools in the world. @PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION1 my friends say that computers are one @ORGANIZATION1 the best because you can get help from the internet on homework assignments. They say that for people to talk online with other people. They said that they can interact with family members who live far away. They also said that on being on the computer has taking more teens @ORGANIZATION1 the streets and in their homes. Dr. @ORGANIZATION1 has done extensive research and has proven that being on the computer teaches you hand-eye cordination. Another thing he has proven is since computers has been invented the violence rate has gone down because more people spend time at home on their computers rather than out on the streets. He also proven that since people have started schools the success in school grades has gone way up. He thinks they have gone up because, instead @ORGANIZATION1 students reading long boring article on someone or something they can just search it on the internet. He said using the internet also saves more time. My mother syas when she was younger the computer gave her the ability to learn about far away places. My mother said that the internet would also let you learn about people customs rather than reading books because some books have not yet been upgraded and you would want to learn about their newest customs also. My mom thinks that using computer is a posotive effect on the world. @CAPS1 you are doing a fine job at writing at your job. My friends say computers are helpful, research has proven that computers have dropped the percentage at violence down, my also thinks that the computers is a posotive effect on us. I know you will agree with me when I say that having computers has put a powerful effect on people it gives people an easier time in life."	4	4	8
1000	"To my opinion computers have a negative effect on people I think it has a negative because it causes people to get less exercise you spend less time with your family and friends and it distracts you from things get done. First of all computers have a negative effect on people because it causes them to get exercise. For example, there are many football, soccer and baseball games practicingg these they will just computer on the webcam all night. Another way is that you can get work done. WIthout even leaving your house. You can shop online, stay home and work online, and even go to college those things include getting out around, but now you can just day and do those things and be lazy. Second, the computer causes you to interact with people less. Now, when family or friends. i went over my I sat right and she didn't even look at me playing computer games. i know that a lot more kids too because I was reading in a magazine that @PERCENT1 of interacting with their kids as much as they got a computer. Lastly, i think the computer has a negative effect because it them. It distracts kids conversations first of all when people to talk with someone on the computer it is very hard because, they are absorbent in they're doing. Secondly, the computer distracts kids from homework. I know this first hand, because wherever I have in type up assignments I get and end up going on different websites, and not getting my work done. lastly, it distracts kids from household chores. Some kids just put them to the side and forget to do them because they're budy playing game or surfing the web. i know that if I did I'd get in big trouble. Those are the reasons why I think the computer has a negative effect on people. Because, it causes them to get less exercise, they don't interact with people, as much, and it distract them. So unless you want all those things happening to you, I suggest you spend less those on the computer!"	4	4	8
1001	"Dear The @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 opinion on computers @MONTH1 be the same as others or different. I believe that computers help our society. They give us more knowledge on whatever subject we want, it helps us connect to family far away places and they even give us a better understanding of any place we can't see for ourselves. Some people feel that computers distract kids so they're never spending time with family. But what if one of your family members is on the other side of the world? @CAPS1 cousin lives in @LOCATION2 and the only way I can ever talk to him is through a computer. What if your a little kid and your mom or did go on business trips faraway for a very long time? You would use a computer to talk to them wouldn't you? Not everyone in your is always around you and when someone is faraway a computer is the way to connect. Because of computers kids don't exercise. What if your exercise happened to be hiking? In you get exercise and can expose the scenery. With a computer you can explore anywhere without even leaving your doorstep. Say your just a young kid and you're always located to see @LOCATION1 but you can never go there. What would you do? You would hop on a computer and check it out. You can explore any place you want with the click of a button. In school you learn about very historic people who have been dead for thousands of years. How would you learn more about them if they're gone? A computer has information about anyone you chance. You @MONTH1 not be exercising but you're expanding your knowledge aren't you. Yes you could go down to a library and take out a book on the person. However, what if the book doesn't have the information you are looking for? You could end up reading for hours when the certain information you want wasn't even there. A computer gives you anything you need in a matter of seconds. Why waste your time? Now is the time where our technology advances. Why waste your time on something when you've got what you need right at your fingertips? So what are you waiting for? Go learn what you want right now! Haven't seen your cousin in a long time? Start up your computer and get talking. The time is now!"	4	6	10
1002	"Dear, editor @CAPS1 you know, @PERCENT1 of children who spend most of their time on the computer that do not exercize can develop weight problems and blood disorders? That is just one way that advances in computer technology have affected people so far. If advances continue that number will increase and other problems @MONTH1 arise from it. Some other problems that we have @DATE1 that could get worse are, developing a weak immune system, and emotionally seperating yourself from your family. First, lets talk about obesity. Obesity is a terrible sight to see someone go through because of something as silly as being, basically, addicted to the computer. Not only can obesity constrict vital organs but it can lead to blood disorders. Blood disorders, such as high blood pressure and diabetes, can cause you to have a heart attack. Which cuts off oxygen to vital areas of the body. Which leads to, eventually, promote death. Dealing with obesity is bad enough, but seeing them suffer because they have developed a weak immune system is horrable. In my experience I find that people who are on the computer often generally don't have very good immune systems. For example, a friend of mine is on the computer quite often, and has developed a weak immune system. Because of it he misses at least @NUM1 day of school a week. And because he misses so many days a school year he usually keep bad grades. Which is yet another reason why advances in computer technology are a bad idea. So isn't it relatively obvious that advances in technology are a bad idea? Especially being that, children are steadily becoming obese, and developing a weak immune system can affect your life in ways that are totally controllable? So I urge you to write an article about this to stop the growing sickness known as health problems due to technology."	4	4	8
1003	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, Some people @MONTH1 thingk that computers are helping our society, but I disagree. People who are sitting on the computer are not getting exercise or seeing beautiful nature. Do you want to get fat sitting next to a metal box? People are also not visiting friends and family and those are the most important. People in your life. Do you want to be the one sitting on a coputer all day getting fat or do you wan't to be physically fit while getting exercise. The only workout your getting on the computer is your fingers. So you should be getiting off your lazy bum, bum and getting some good old exercise. Yes computers teach you things, but exercise teaches you you things while you are getting fit. Who wouldn't want to see the beauty of nature. Yes you can see pictures of nature on the computer, but those are just a bunch of pixels mushed together. In the real world it is all natural and sometimes more beautiful than on the computer. How doesn't that sound better than the computer. All of the cool, fit people are outside enjoying nature, so be one of the cool people and go outside and have yourself a ban looking at exotic plants and beautiful animals. You can do both of those with your friends and family while sitting on your computer you don't see them as much @PERCENT1 of @LOCATION1 love their family and friends and I bet you are one of them. Friends and family can also help you get through hard times without them whi knows wgere you would be in life. So do yourself a favor get off the computer, and go visit some really great people. Its now or neve to get off that computer or your family and friends are going to leave you and you are going to get fat on top of that. Do you want to be that person? You are also going to miss out on the beauty of nature. So go, go, go, have yourself some fun."	4	4	8
1004	Computers are good to use because it tells you everything. Like if you need a number to a restaurant you can just get it off the computer and sometimes when you wanna go on a vacation and if you wanna know how much it cost you go onto the computer. And computers are good because if you wanna travel to different places you can go onto the computer and look for a map and print it out. But sometimes computer are bad because when people go on web sites to chat peoples can be grown ups but talking to little kids. 	3	2	5
1005	"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 name is @PERSON1. I am @NUM1 years old and I go to a @ORGANIZATION1 in @LOCATION1 called @ORGANIZATION1. I am a really smart kid. In @CAPS1 opinion I benefit people using computers. You should keep reading @CAPS1 essay because I am going to tell you @NUM2 good reasons why I benefit people using computers. @CAPS1 first reason is they teach hand eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about far away places and people. For example, when I am always using the computer and when I'm doing research it always gives me the ability to learn about new places and people. Another example is when ever I watch @CAPS2.V on @CAPS3 @NUM3 it says that people learn about learn about faraway places and people on the internet @PERCENT1 of the time. @CAPS1 second reason is it allows people to talk online with other people for example when I am on the computer everyday I visit @CAPS1 facebook it always gives me a chance to talk to @CAPS1 friends and other people online. Another example is when I go on a computer and I search computers.org it says that it lets people @PERCENT2 of the time talk to others online. @CAPS1 @NUM4 reason is it allows students to get information when they're doing a project. For example when I always use the @ORGANIZATION1 computers it allows me to get information for example, about @LOCATION2 and @PERSON2 govina that is why I benefit people using computers. Another example is when ever I check out a magazine on computers it tells me that kids get alot of information when they're doing projects @PERCENT2 of the time. In conclusion, I benefit people using computers because they teach hand eye coordination, gives people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, it allows people to talk online with other people and it allows students to get information when they're doing projects. Those are the @NUM2 reasons why I benefit people using computers. So please the local newspaper please try to make this believable."	4	4	8
1006	"Who in the world would say a computer is useless. No one, computer are one of the most useful device ever made. I think that computers are perfect and can help you build skills. I have @NUM1 reason it build skills, fast information and fun. Now lets get started with skill. Skills are things you need to have if you want to pursue a career. You can learn skill from book, tv and computers. For example i learned how to type rapidly on a keyboard from a computer on a game called type to learn. After a week of this game. I was typing like a pro. The computer also has chess to help build stragety. Just ask my super smart english teacher @PERSON1 ""she say that chess build's character and strength your mind. Moving along, i want to talk about how you can get information in a instant with computers. Experts say that it the number one way to get iinfo badly. I know i argeed with that, after study for a test on @LOCATION1 carver in my book, but one of my pages was missing so. I used my computer not only did i get my information quickly. I had gotten more information than the book. The next day i passed my test. @NUM2 percent . You how useful a computer can do. Finally, i want to talk to you about good old faishon fun. As you know are perfect for building skill and get information, but you can away alway use a computer for fun. Do you know anyone in the world that can say the computer is not fun. No you can't because everyone in the world use the computer for fun stuff like online game, video and talk to people. Thanks for my reason about computer building skill, having info and fun."	4	4	8
1007	"Dear local newspaper, Have you ever noticed how a lot of people are always on their laptop or their computer? Well, when they're on the web they don't get exercise at all. I have three seasons why people should spend less time on their computers. People could get sick, probably forget a lot of stuff, and never have the future that they have always wanted. My first reason why people should spend less time on their computer is people could get sick. For example, their are a lot of people who just eat and eat and only use their computers. Some people get obese by doing this. When they do they go on the internet to find out how to lose weight, but they never do it. Some people go on the internet so they can have a surgery because they're so fat. They think their is a cure for obese on the internet, but the truth is that the only cure their is by doing. Some exercise because that is the only cure they will get if their not on their computer. When people are surfing the web they forget a lot of stuff. Some people almost spend their whole day or even life on their computer that they don't know what else to do, but surf the web. What I have seen happen is that some people forget where they're at or who the even are. They also forget who their family is and never contact each other at all. This isn't good people. My third and final reason is no future. Sure some people apply for jobs at home from the computer, but the only problem their is that they don't get enough exercise and paid as well as the people who work outside their house. Some people wanted to do something about their life's and how they can't because they are addicted to their computers. Some people have to go to thearapy so they can stop going on the internet. Do you want that? Getting sick, loss of memory, and no good future are three reasons why people should stop using computers and start getting some exercise. If I were addicted to my pc I wouldn't get on education and I wouldn't be writing this letter right now. Get some exercise. Together we can make a change or find a cure."	4	4	8
1008	"Dear @CAPS1, I beleave that computers have a good and a bad effect on people. Even though I think it has both effects on peope, I think that it has a better effect I think this because the internet gives people the chance to learn more about other places. Allows people to talk to family that lives far away, and it also helps to make new friends. I support the advances of technology. I support it because people can talk to their family that they can't get to see. I have three cousins that live in @LOCATION1 that I never get to see, but with computers I can talk to them all the time. We can email and @CAPS2 to chat to eachother to find out what they've been doing, hows school, and so much more. My aunty loves to send and get pictures from them to see how much they've changed since the last time we saw them. Without the new technology we wouldn't be able to do that. Computers also help learn about other countries and the people that live there. With the internet you can find what the country looks like, what types of food they eat, what type of language they speek, and so much more. Recently I had to do a project in @CAPS3 @CAPS4 about a place in @LOCATION2. I got @LOCATION4, @LOCATION3 with the help of computers I found out so much more about the country that I never even know about. There were so many great places to visit and learn about the history of @LOCATION4. Learning so much about the place makes me want to visit there someday. Without computers I never would have learned so much about that place. Another great thing about the new technology is that we can make new friends and talk to different types of people from all over the world. I read recently in the @CAPS5 @CAPS6 that atleast @PERCENT1 of kids have a myspace or facebook that helps them interact with people from all over the world. There can also be dangers to talking to people you've never met before. To be safe don't tell people your phone number or where you live. But meeting new people can also be good. For example, my cousin doesn't get along very well with the people she goes to school with. But after school she goes on her computer and talks to people that are just like her. Either way she should be careful. In conclusion, I must say once again that I support the advances of technology to an extent. Computers help you talk to family that you don't see, helps you learn about new countries, and meet new people. Thank you for your time."	5	4	9
1009	"Dear @PERSON2, @CAPS1 your latest article on the goods and bads of computers in our society was informative, I believe you left out a few major reasons why technology is doing more harm than good. If people don't become aware of the consiquences, who knows where our world is heading? First off, I'd like to mention the health issues associated with technology in general, but especally computers. Dr. @PERSON1 of @ORGANIZATION2 states that ""@CAPS2 since the popularity of the internet boomed with the invention of websites like '@CAPS3' and '@CAPS4', we've seen a drastic spike in obesity-related heart disease and diabetes."" And @PERSON3 isn't exaggerating. Because of the sudden boom in electronics, more and more people prefer sitting on the couch with their brand new laptop or @CAPS5 then go for a bikeride or play a game of fastball with friends. Because of this, more and more people become victims of heart attacks, strokes, cancer, and bone elipses that could leave them paralized for the rest of their life. Is playing that online game so important, to you that its worth your life? Next, I'd like to touch on the fact that @CAPS1 the internet @MONTH1 seem like a great place to do some socializing, it can actually aid in losing friends insted of making them. I know what your thinking, @PERSON2, 'But sites like '@CAPS6' help people connect, why would they lose friends?' @CAPS7, really. Since its so easy to type in a conversation, people are losing actual social skills. They also spend too much time talking to friends without meeting face-to-face, and that eventually causes them to drift apart. And when talking to someone over a screen, its so hard to know if your actually close friends. Because of this, they cant bond and they wont have a real friendship. @PERSON4, a @NUM1 year old at @ORGANIZATION1, says that him and his best friend now only talk over @CAPS3, and they dont even feel like true friends anymore. So finally, I have a request. Next time you turn on that laptop, think. Is this really worth losing your friends and even your health @CAPS2? Next time feel the urge to update your status with something like '@CAPS8 got home,' @CAPS8 call a friend over to go hang out at the park instead. Trust me, you'll be glad you did. Thank you for the time to read my letter."	5	5	10
1010	"@ORGANIZATION1, In my opinion, the effects of computers are not good. Many people spend too much time on their computers and less time exercising. People are on their computers so much that they dont enjoy nature anymore. Also, they aren't interacting with family and friends that much. I think that computers are becoming an issue. @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people in my school agree that they hardly exersize any more because they are always on their computers. For example, @NUM3 year old @CAPS1 used to go to the gym everyday before she got her own computer. Now every afternoon she finds herself in front of the computer monitor. If it wasn't for computers, I'm sure kids would be outside getting exersize. Computers are a serious issue. Have you ever found yourself in front of the computer screen, on a beautiful day outside? I have, and while I was on the computer I could have been outside enjoying nature. I think it would be best if you unplugged those computers for a day and just went outside and got some fresh air! If everybody keeps this habit of staying on your computers all day and not going outside, we might turn into a world of couch potatos! Im sure you dont want that. Lastly, I remember multiple times I said I would do something with my dad but I didnt because I was on the computer. Many people can agree with me. Instead of going out to interact with your friends many are just instant messaging them. The internet is amazing, but I think everyone forgot the joy of going out with friends and family. So get off those computers and call a friend. In conclusion, the effects of computers are bad. Many people are spending too much time on their computers and have less time exersising. They are on so much they dont enjoy nature anymore. Also, they aren't interacting with friends and family. I think after reading this you can see computers arent good."	4	4	8
1011	"Dear Newspaper People, I think that computers do benefit society for a few reasons. Computers make work easier they can do things people can't like solve difficult problems, and kids like playing games on them. Computers make work easier and neater. Typing is often faster than writing, and is always easier to read. Studies have also shown that people who use computers to do work finish faster and have up to @PERCENT1 more free time to do whatever they want. Computers also have e-mail, which allows you to send work that you have done to your boss without printing it and wasting paper. Computers can solve difficult problems that people either can't do, or don't want to waste their time doing. If you need to solve a math problem you use a calculated or a computer. So you don't have to figure it out yourself. I have to do a lot of math problems for homework and I think it is much easier to use a calculator. My last reason why computers are good is that kids like playing games on them. A lot of people say that kids shouldn't play computer games but some of them are educational. Even non-educational games help kids to have fun and have something to look forward to after their work is done. @PERCENT2 of kids say that they are happier when they have something fun to look forward to, and happier kids do better work. I hope that after reading this you will understand how much computers contribute to society."	4	4	8
1012	"Dear local nepaper, I have reacently heard about the idea of computers are not very productive. Sure, people get informatin and talk online, but that can be a bad thing, I agree with computers being overcused and used for the wrong reason. To me, the main source of communication is chatting online. Even I talk online all the time. Chatting online is also a terrible thing if you abuse @CAPS1. Children aroung the world talk to people they hace never seen. People are being abroad because they believe the person they are taking to is the real deal, @CAPS1 is a great way to communicate just not in the wrong ways. Plagourism is happening all over the world, People just take whatever they want, when they did not create @CAPS1. We take if you are caught doing @CAPS1, you can go to prison. Although there is a way we van help the plagorism. the internet has all the information in the world, and people abuse @CAPS1. I have seen papers that have information that they copred and passed @CAPS1 to their paper. You can tell because @CAPS1 is a different for than the others, and bad things happen. Teachers immediately you have to talk to a supervisor about @CAPS1. I know I will try my best to not playorise, I can start by getting my own information. Everyone loves computer and technology, but if everyone can just lay off the computer for a while, things like plagorism and the abuse or online chatting can be limited. "	4	4	8
1013	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, Which article title more interesting, ""Local @CAPS1 wins three mile race"" or ""Local @CAPS1 wins three mile race on computer game."" @CAPS3, the less interesting title is what your news will change to if people keep using computers. Some effects computers have on people use cheating an less time with family and friends and lastly, most people aren't learning anything while on the computer, they're just plaing games. As you can see, I agree that computers are a bad idea. I bet some people have never thought of this but computers can lead kids, and maybe even adults, to cheating. There are websites on the internet where the user just types the question in, and they get an answer. There is @CAPS4 another way of cheating, copying others work, essays or articles form a website. Some students could be told to write a biography on a person, and they could just copy an article, switch some words around to make a sound like their own paper, and with no guilt. Another can people computer spend less time with family and friends I was watching television and playing on the computer. The wife was very close to because spent the computer helping @CAPS4, there can was always in the on the computers. Because this show I realized that computers kinds anti-social divorce between parents go up. Do you see all people computers looking up facts about things as going on the computers learning. I know that when I have time to go on the computer, I am not looking up things to learn. Most people these days dont care too much about learning about countries, other than their own, or people, other than people they know. I think it's pretty obvious that noone is going on computers to learn, otherwise they wouldn't have so many users on game websites. In conclusion, computers have negative effects that get to all people. So, @ORGANIZATION1 you want to have your news be the latest divorces and computer game high scores? Or do you want interesting news that will keep you newspaper going. Thanks for taking the time to read this."	5	5	10
1014	"I don't think computers benefit the society as much as every one thinks. When people spend most of their time on computers they don't have time to spend with their family, people don't excersise enough when they are on computers wich causes them to become obiese, and you @MONTH1 meet up somewhere with a bad person you met in facebook or myspace. These are the main reasons computers don't benefit society. The number one reason computers ain't beneficial is because you need sometime to spend with your family. But, when you are on computers twenty-four-seven you have absolutly no time with your family and friends. I belive that families need to eat dinner together and have at least one hour with one another. Some good ways to spend time with your family is to play games together, go on a walk, or even go to a bike ride together. Did you know that computers have a medium sized effect on how people become obiese? If you are at school from seven till -thirty and after school you spend seven hours on your computer you will become fatter because you will have absolutly no time to excersise. When you just eat and don't excersise your body will not just burn off all that fat you ate. When you are on a computer you are probably go on to facebook or myspace. On these chating websites you can make arangments to go some where with someone you don't even know. If you meet up with them they could be a killer, a kidnaper, or a rapist. So there for you can litteraly die or get hurt because of your computer. Thats why e-mail is the absolute safest way to chat online if your were to have a computer. These are the main reasons why computers are not beneficial to the society. Also you @MONTH1 not spend enough time with family or friends, you can become obiese because you don't have ""time"" to excersise and you can be kidnapt by someone you don't even know through facebook or myspace. How would you like it if you had no time with your family, you were obiese, and you got kidnaped because you met up with someone that thought was nice through facebook or even myspace?"	4	4	8
1015	"Dear local newspaper, A question that recently came to my attention is people are spending to much time on the computer, and if this is a good thing, I believe that computers are a good electronic item to have. I think this because, it helps people learn. Also, people can keep in touch with their friends even if they I've in a different country. In addition, it can help people or students be @CAPS1 please consider this in our newspaper. Would you like students/people to have internet and searches that can help them learn? The answer is ""yes"". Having to computers can help students to learn. They can go onto @LOCATION2 and type in any question they want to be answered. Picture this a child has a question that she wants answered, but she is embarrased to ask her parents. She can simply type the question in on her computer and get hundreds of answers. There is nobody in the world that knows everything, but there are computers that do. Computers can give you the answer to any question. When my mom was little she didn't have access to a computer all the time. @CAPS1 when she had a question she would have to ask somebody she know. If they didn't know the answer than she couldn't know the answer. If more people had computers then they would the to questions. Computers are a good way to keep in touch with people. These are @CAPS4 programs such as @CAPS2, @CAPS3, aim, ect.. My dad owns a buisness and needs to be in touch with people for seven @CAPS1 he around his iphone to talk to them by email. It helps my dad know when pappers and whos asking on what. I asked ten adults if they think everyone should have to a computer and ten out of ten said ""yes."" @CAPS4 people think that friends and family important and should stay with them every and a while. I have a friend who lives in @LOCATION1, but I cant contact her with my phone because are doesnt me and her talk on @CAPS2 all the time. @CAPS1 if people dont own phones then you can still stay in contact with computers. if they far away. Do you have perfect handwriting? The answer is probably no. People use @ORGANIZATION1 all the time because there handwriting isn't Computers help people stay clean and tidy. Computers have of folders and programs to store information you need. This all stays next all on the computer. My friend just get a computer for her office. Before she got it one hand everything and kep them all her desk in a mess. She had filled with pappers. But after she got a computer she typed everything neatly and kept all her pappers in the folders of her computer. She was @CAPS1 neat and clean that she got promoted. My friends moms changed because she got a computer. She became and cleaner. Picture this you are overwhelmed by all the papers on your desk. You dont know what papper is what. Well if you had a computer you could type eerything and keep them in your computer files. also @PERCENT1 of adults staying is good. I know you the local newspaper, have a very hard job and decision to make. I beileve that computers are good and helpful. Because they can help people find information they need. Also, they can keep people in touch with buisness workers, friend, students, family, ect. In addition, computers can help people get neat and clean. @CAPS1 please consider puting my essay in the Newspaper."	5	5	10
1016	"Dear local newspaper, I've heard that not many people think computers benefit society. I disagree with that. Computers benefit society by teaching hand-eye coordination, allowing people to learn about foregin places, and allow people to communicate with others online. Some people were basically born with hand-eye coordination, but most people weren't, like me, for example. But, thanks to computers, my hand-eye coordination has gone up! ""On average, computers can increase a persons hand-eye coordination by up to @PERCENT1 says @PERSON2. Think of it, just by learning to tye, your hand-eye coordination can go up @PERCENT1.! That's amazing! Having good hand-eye coordination will get you far in life, and helps with small, everyday things such as playing an instrument, or doing household chores. It also helps in sports. You need good hand-eye coordination to throw, catch, and aim. If more people spend more time on the computer, then the population's hand-eye coordination would increase, and who wouldn't want thats. Have you ever heard of @LOCATION1? It is a country in @LOCATION2 that no one really knows much about. By looking it up on the computer, you can become an expert on the country! The computer gives us access to a lot of knowledge, and will make us more of people around the world. This can improve our travel. Instead of going to the same place every vacation, you can go to a place you saw online that looks just as exciting. Also, by learning about other countries and the people in them, we gain respect for them. We @MONTH1 also learn about their traditions, and culture. ""The internet gives us access to the world,"" says @PERSON1, ""we can learn so many new things that will make us more of people, countries, and the environment."" @CAPS1 is right, we can also be aware of the environment. Since global warming is a problem, we can learn how o preserve foreign places by learning about them on the internet. With a click of a mouse you can virtually have the whose world at your fingertips! In a recent study @PERCENT2 of people said they don't have time to meet with old friends. The internet, however has made it quick and easy to talk to people online. Websites like @CAPS2, @CAPS3, and @CAPS4 can keep your social life in tact, and can even reunite yu with old friends. For example, @CAPS2 suggest family. You can keep in touch wih many people trough @CAPS2! Also, you can make new friends. Most teens say they are always willing to meet new people, and the internet is a great way to do so! Sites like @CAPS7, and @CAPS8 can can help you find friends by connecting you in a chat room to a random person, just to talk. I once talked with someone on @CAPS7 for over an hour! We found that we both have @CAPS4 accounts and keep in touch there! This also helps you gain confidence because you @MONTH1 have the courage to say something over the computer that you would't say real life. The computer can really amp up your social life. As you can see. computers don't just ""your barain,"" they imprdove hand-eye coordination, help you learn about far away places, and improve your social life by allowing you to talk to others. Computers benefit the society more than anymore will ever know!"	6	5	11
1017	"Dear, @CAPS1 I believe that people shouldn't spend so much time on the computer because they do less exercising, they don't interact with friends and family, and its bad for their health. People shouldn't spend so much time. They wont enjoy their life outside of their houses. My first reason why people shouldn't spend so much time on the computer is that its bad for their health. Spending to much time on their computers can strain your eyes. Some people with seizures including myself would trigier an attack and cause us to space out. Spending to much time on the computer can mess up your vision or damage your body. To me thats very unhealthy. Another reason why spending so much time on the computer is bad is that you don't interact with your family and friends. On the computer all the time can make you forget to spend time with your friends and family. You would get addicted to being on the computer all the time. You would forget to say hi and how are you to your family. You won't spend time with your friends and they will start to ingnore you and think that you don't care about them. Being on the computer all the time will mess up your soical activitys with other people. My final reason why spending to much time on the computer is bad is that your not enjoying nature. You don't realize how much you are missing because you are on the computer. Yes you can learn thinks by the computer but you can also learn by doing it yourself. Being on the computer to much will make you not want to exerise and that won't be good for your body. You would forget to at least go for a jog, discover new thing. You realize that exploring nature is better than just watching it. Those are my reasons why spending to much time on the computer is bad. Its not health. You don't interact will your friends or family. Also you won't enjoy nature for yourself. So just get off the computer and enjoy what life gave you."	4	4	8
1018	"I think we can all agree that computer usage is a very controversal issue. In my opinion, I believe that computers have a negative effect on people. For instance, it's not safe and children can get into all sorts of things on the internet. Also, people spend too much time in front the computer now a days, @CAPS1, its a major distraction and also a negetive effect on kids. school work. It's now or never! Do we dicide that computers have a negetive effect? You decide! Isn't every parents biggest concern the safety of their children? When on the internet, kids are capable of accessing anything and everything. Sometimes kids don't even look for bad things, they just pop up. Would you want your child veiwing things that you have no control over? Also, websites like @CAPS2.com one one of the greatest concerns when it comes to internet safety. Although you are supposed to be at least @NUM1 to have a @CAPS2, most kids lie about their age. Did you know that @NUM2 out of @NUM3 @CAPS2 users lie about their age? And it's not always a @NUM4 year old saying they are @NUM1, it could be a @NUM6 year old saying they're @NUM7! Not only do people lie about their age, they lie about who they are. Is this the kind of internet exposer you want for your children? Put a stop to this right now! More than @PERCENT1 of @CAPS3 are overweight and unhealthy. This is another negetive effect computers have on people. It's a gorgeous @DATE1 day. Bright blue skies, cotton candy cloulds, the sun is shining, and there's a nice warm breece. Perfect day to go out and get active, right? Wrong! None people would @CAPS5 be inside on the computer. Instead of going for a walk, people would @CAPS5 spend hours on facebook. This is a serious concern to our health. People don't exercise enough as it is, and then when you add computers, people will never get active! Instead of playing video games onlin, people need to be reminded that turning off the computer and playing a fun beighborhood game of baseball is just as fun and much more beneficial. This is just one step @CAPS3 need to take to get a healthier lifestyle. Wouldn't you agree? Did you know that kids that spend more time on computer are more likely to do poorly in school? Surely, if nothing else will convince you of the negetive effects of a computer this will @CAPS5 than coming home and doing homework, more time is spent in front of the computer. As a student, I will admit that the computer is a very tempting distraction and can easily pull a student away from their studies. You can't expect a child to make the right decision and tell their they have to go because they need to study. So you do! Take action now, or your child will definately suffer. The time has come to decide. Do you believe Computers have a negative effect on people? It's clear that the computer is not safe. Not to mention, too much time is spent on the computer instead of being active. Most importantly, computers will negetively affect children's grades. Don't wait another minute! Let's agree and do something about this!"	6	6	12
1019	"Computers are great, they can help you with anything you need. You can shop on then, pay bills, even book a flight to go on vacation, but people are spending too much time on them. They should only spend a certain amount of time on them and not all day. Many people are spending more than enough time on the computer People ran often stay on the computer for hours and not even relize it, they stay up all @TIME1 doing work, or playing games. @TIME1 a while it will eventually take a toll on the body. Because @CAPS2 you are on the machine all day then you are using little to no energy at all. So then you spend @CAPS1 nights in bed tossing and turning. Then that leeds to feelings horrible in the @TIME2, @CAPS2 you do it @TIME1 it is going to have a bad effect on your body. I believe that people who spend all their time on the computer will eventually get overweight. @CAPS2 you are sitting in a chair all day then you get no exercise what so ever. Then when you eat you don't burn off the calories so that leeds to people gaining wait and becoming over wait from that your body becomes very unhealthy and will most likely leed to health issues. When people are on the computer they end up ignoring nature. They miss out on being in the wonderful warmth of the @CAPS3 @CAPS4, or going out and playing in the snow and making @CAPS5, forts, or having a @CAPS6 fight. They even miss out on just going outside and talking a walk the reason is because they are @CAPS7 @CAPS8 inside their house with their fare glued to the computer. Being on the computer takes a lot out on the body. It can cause health problems and even problems in general. So people should just spend a part of their day on the computer. The other part of the day they should be outside, walking around, maybe playing with pets, children or friends. As long as they're out of there chair and not on the computer and getting some exercise."	4	5	9
1020	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 don't have an affect on people because you can play games, webchat, and watch hilarious videos on the computers. Also, you can use the computers for a research project or you can use the @CAPS2 for some facts on @CAPS3 people like @PERSON2, @PERSON1, and @LOCATION1. Also, who would want to get of their @CAPS2 and exercise, exercising is so boring and lame. Second, who would like to especially enjoy the nature, walking through the woulds is so boring, you'll be walking through mud, ticks will be all over body, mosquitoes will try and bite you when you sweat. When kids get older, they mostly don't want to interact or spend time with their family, they want to spend time with their friends everyday. Also, they mostly want to use technology to. Kids will spend time texting on their cellphones when they're not in the mood for calling. Thirdly, computers do give you hand-eye coordination it teaches you how to type without looking down at the keyboard. Computers also teach you how to set you fingers on the home row for the keyboard. Finally, @CAPS2 really do benefit society because you can use this technology in middle school, high school, and through college. When you get older you'll be learning more about these kinds of technology. Also, kids could teach their parents how to use computers if their parents don't know how to. Teaching you parents how to use @CAPS2 is a great responsibility for your actions."	4	4	8
1021	"Dear local newspaper, I think people are spending to much time on the compture an these are my reasons, Less time exercising, an enjoying nature and interacting with friends an family. My reason is less time exercising people are to busy on the computer playing games an talking to other ones. Dont you think you should be outside doing some exercising like running around or playing sports instead of being in your house on the comptuer doing nothing. People should at lest get @NUM1 of exercising. You could be on the comptuer for a little while but not on it @NUM2. Take a break from the comptuer an go outside for a little bit injoy the weather an being outside. People just cant take @NUM1 away from there comptuer time I find that really hard to belive that people cant. Its like the comptuer took over there brains an all they want to do is be on it an never get off. My second reason is enjoying the nature go outside for a little bit an see whats going on there go take a walk outside in the woods an look for the animals or look for animal tracks. There are a lot of fun things you can do outside like climb a tree or going fruit picking. You dont have to be inside all day an stare at the computer playing games an talking to friends. You could be outside injoying the nice weather you are getting. Peopl need to learn that there is better things to do with there time. My third reason is that interacting with friends an family. It inportant you spend time with them an see how they been an what they been up to. But instead people are always to busy to talk to there family members becuse they are always on the comptuer doing stuff they dont need to being doing. There are a lot more inportant things in life an people need to understand that. Family is way more inportant then being on the computer but people these days they put family second because they never want to talk to them or see them because they are always so busy waisting there time on the comptuer. Like checking there email is fine but waisting your time on these chat things like @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 or @CAPS3 its just a waist of your time people can hang out an do things they dont have to be on the computer asking there friends that they should just call them an ask. Dont get me wrong I have a @CAPS2 to an it takes away from your hanging with family an things but I make time for I can hang out with friends an family an enjoy the natuer an I do exercis. So I dont see why its so hard for people to do that. So in conclusion I think that people do waist there time on the comptuer to much like I said there are more inportants things in life an things you can be doing like exercising, Enjoying natuer an hanging with friends an family. So I hope you take my ideas an consider them an thank you for listening to what I think. I hope people can get it through there head that they dont have to be on the comptuer @NUM4."	4	4	8
1022	"Dear @CAPS1 news editors, @CAPS2, my name is @PERSON1, and I would like you to write an article on the effects computers have on people. Computers have been the technological item to have over the past @NUM1 or so years. They allow people to learn many new skills, get important work done, and even socialize! However some experts believe that people spend to much time on computers, and that people are not as active or healthy because of it, and. Everyone wants to be healthy. While computers are fun and useful, could they have a negative effect on society? @PERCENT1 of @CAPS3 are employed as of @DATE1, and with that number dropping people need to get more work done to keep their jobs, or even keep their businesses open. With computers available at work (or school) much more work can be done, with programs like @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS4 people can type reports, and with programs like @CAPS5, @ORGANIZATION2, and iCalculator, workers can calculate taxes faster, so they have more time to work. Some people are working with stocks, and these days, the stocks could be good or bad, so you need to keep up! You can go to the stock websites and control what you buy and sell, without raising you phone bill from calling the brokers. Laptops make work possible on the go to! Computers teach many skills you need to know for jobs, and other skills you @MONTH1 need times in life. You can learn typing, work programs, and programing which are all needed in some lines of work. Computers increase math skills and hand eye coordination to! And you can read your favorite books via online scans!, now you @MONTH1 be wondering why not pick up a real book? Well, you can’t online scans, and some are free! Not only do computers teach skills and work, they are very fun too! Between @CAPS6, twitter, email, googleBUZZ, mySpace, ooVoo, skype and gamesradar, there are lots of ways to talk to friends and meet new people. On @CAPS6 I can have up to @NUM2 people talk to whenever I want! Why not talk to real people? you ask, well the answer is simple, maybe it is a lazy @DATE2 and nobody wants to go out anywhere, or maybe your friends want to talk right before bed time. Talking to real people is important, but can’t be done all the time! Online gaming has become an sensation!, and not only an @NUM3, @NUM4 and @CAPS8, @CAPS9 and @CAPS10 can “game” too! So many people are gaming now, that if your not, you are missing out on an amazing experience. Some people think gaming is a waste of time, but the same can be said for any indoor leisure activity, everybody needs a fun activity they can do anytime! Besides everybody likes having fun! Some people believe the ludicrous notion that technology is making @LOCATION1 into fat, lifeless losers, but, it is opposite, you can socialize online and meet new people. People (like myself) can balance computers and games, with exercize and sports. With computers you can efficently complete work and learn new skills! Computers are posotive if used correctly. I hope you like this artice, thanks for reading."	6	6	12
1023	"Dear @LOCATION1 Newspaper, I belive that computers have a very positive effect on people. Computers can help kids with homework. Computers also let people learn new things. You can even communication with friends. There are many great uses for a computer. Kids have lots of homework and without computers it would be nearly impossible to finish it all. At @ORGANIZATION1, students recieve a project almost every month. We need pictures, information, and it must be neat. Computers are about the only way to find pictures, information, and make it neat. Kids also get a ton of homework and computers are very important for it. In science class we get a packet for homework for every new unit and without a computer it would be really hard to get done. You can also learn many things you never knew from using a computer. There are a lot of uses for a computer and one of them is learning. There are many educational websites on computers. If you were traveling somewhere and wanted to find out more about that place you could search it on the internet. Even if you're reading a book and come across a word you don't know you could look it up and you will find it. Communicating with friends is also important and computers offer many different ways of doing it. There are facebook, @CAPS1, and videochat. You could use facebook if you want to talk to friends or videochat also to talk to friends. Those things are great if you want to show pictures from a vacation or talk to a friend in a different country. These are all great ways to use computers. I definately think computers have a positive effect on people. They help with projects and homework, learning new things and communicating with friends. Computers are great."	4	4	8
1024	"Dear, Newspaper In my mind the computer benifits us in many different ways. Computers are entertaining, computers help us with education, and the heath/safty purposes are fantastic. People love entertainment. Computers are very fun. At electronic stores computer games are sold. These games are usally good. Instead of having games that are bad for the brain most compuer games are not. My friend @PERSON2 bought a computer game last week. @CAPS4 says @CAPS3 is very entertaining but is not brain damaging. Everyone loves watching @CAPS1.V. On computers people can now watch @CAPS1.V. Not only is that entertaining but @CAPS3 will save money because you don'@CAPS1 need a @CAPS1.v. Now people can insteadly down load @CAPS1.v. shows and movies on thier computer. @PERSON1 just got a new computer for his birthday last week. ""@CAPS3 is so fun watching @CAPS1.v. on my computer and @CAPS3 is so easy."" @CAPS4 explained. Learning from @PERSON1 I hope you can learn how entertaning computers are. At school we use computers all the time. If we did not have computers we would not learn the same. On his new computer @PERSON1 can do all his projects and homework on @CAPS3. Before @CAPS4 had his computer @CAPS4 had to write out all his papers and when @CAPS4 finished @CAPS4 spent to long writing that @CAPS4 could not do his rest of homework. Now @CAPS4 can not type @CAPS3 out, and still do all his other homework. If you think that amazing then read this. Research done by @ORGANIZATION1 found out that @PERCENT1 of kids with computer are smarter than before they had thier computers. ""I was getting all @CAPS5's when I did not have my computer. Now I get honors on my report card because of my computer."" @PERSON1 says. I hope people can now be like @PERSON1 and buy computers. Do you want to have a smarter world? Computers open up an all news heath and safty field. You @MONTH1 learn a little about geneitics. @CAPS3 would have took about @NUM1 years longer to crack the code of the genes of we did not have computers. All the information scientists have learned from the human geno project can cure cancer and other dieseases. Computers are also safe to make sure your kids are safe. New technology can track kids. If an unfortunet event happens an your kid is missing then a computer can help to find him. A new mother lost her kid last @DATE1 while eating lunch at a park. She knew she had a chip in the childs body. She opened her laptop and found where her kid was. Amazing right. I hope everyone can have a computer for heath and safty reasons. I hope you can now see that computers benifit the society from heath and safty to education in school. Without computers we could not be where we are today."	5	5	10
1025	"Dear @STATE1's newspaper editors I have recently read an atical that was talking about how experts are concerned that people are spending way too much time on their computers. Well I agree with them. I strongly belive that computers are tacking time away from you exercising enjoying nature and even interacting with family and friends. Well if you look at teen's this day and how more and more are becauming over weight like back in the days when their wasn't computer or internet not as much people were over weight or even obiste because they had time to go out and exercis or play sports with othes. Exercising is importent because espeshaly when as a teen you are over weight or even obiste well theis problems just don't go away this will cost you in the futer because not only do you have to chance of getting deobetice but you also have to pay for all the medications and treatments that comes with it. Experts also belives that by spending time on the computer will tack time away from enjoing the things that nature has to offer. When other might argue to it is a good thing for people to learn about the different types of place's in the world. Well I delive why do you have to just read about the places online and look of the picture why can't you be the one tacking the pictures for other to see. And why can't you be the one experincing it insted of just reading about it. Experts also believe that by spending time on the computer it is tacking away time from you being able to interacting with family members and friends. Well as a teen myself I have learned that by intercating with family and friends are vary important to our health. I am not the only person that agrees with that because study shows that kid that can talk to their perents and have good convercations with their parent have the ability to do well in school and have more respect towed others verces the the kid or teen that can't really have conversation or talk to their parents. For example if you are the type of person that talk to your family You will have good grades such as A's and @CAPS1's and will learn to have respect for other and the person that can't talk to their parents have troble concentrating or even macking troble fro themselfs and getting @CAPS2's and @CAPS3's. Well I know that as a @STATE1 newpapper editer you are a vary busy person and have lot of diffent things to do but I hope you take this in to concideration and remmember the importants of exercisin, enjoying rotune and interacting with familys and friends."	5	4	9
1026	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 Newspaper, Have you ever wanted to see your @CAPS3 that lives across the country? Well computers can do that. Ther re positive in effecting people in more ways, such as letteing people communicate with family or friends from across the world or letting everything be easy to find what they @CAPS4 many people are people isolate and keeping them from talking to family / friends I is helping them by being to chat or type to them. People can now talk to reltives in the comfort of thre home without having to about how they look. Computer also phone bills because of call your mom in @LOCATION1 just go on I chat and chat with her, it's just @CAPS5 you can see the computers Some people also think computers give people to much access to but ther it give people the of know what they This is good for school to for look for In my fall @NUM1. or people @CAPS6 you can see computers let you find the information you the time has that @CAPS7 computers without or keeping people away from family"	4	4	8
1027	"Do you think that computer's are good? Well, I do. There are many reasons why I and you should think, this. For example, it has possitive effect on people, it teaches hand-eye coordination, and it allows people to talk to online with other people. One reason why you should think that computers are good is it has a positive effect on people!! Don't you want to be happy. well then, computers is your online fun source!! And your an learn a lot from computer!! Another reason is that the computers teaches hand-eye coordinbation. Hand-eye coordination is excellent skill that you need in life. For example, lets say that you want to play baseball, and you have no hand-eye coordination and you trip and @DATE1 and you brake something. that isn't good for you, is it. No, it is not good. But, if you had better hand-eye coordination then you probably wouldn't have fallen! The @NUM1 reason is that, you can interact with others online. You can @CAPS1, you can go on chat rooms. Or you can go on gaming sources, and interact with other people!! And, you can go online dating! The computer is a greet way to meet new people that share the same characteristics as you!! If you already have a computer then your fine. But, if you don't then you need to get one. And I am right!! People that don't have a computer have no jb. because people with jobs most of the time have use or have computer. In conclusion, you need to get a computer!! Why? well, that because you can alot of stuff on a computer. For example, you can teach hand eye coordition, and you can chat with online friends. Also, it gives you a possitive effect."	4	4	8
1028	"Dear local newspaper, Computers are they a good benifit for society or a bad benifit for society? What do you think would you enjoy always being on the computer? I wouldn't, so this is why I believe that computers have a negative impact on society. First reason why I think computers have a negative impact is because you can become addicted to always having to be on the computer. Becoming addicted to the computer leads to serious consequences. For example you spend less time exercising and that isn't healthy for your body physically. Not exercising leads to many things like being over weight, health problems, diseases like dieabeties, and many other things, but usually these are the main problems. You can aviode this by turning of the computer and just go for a small walk, but because of what computers have to offer now these day people want do this. Thats one reason why computers have a negative impact on the society. Another reason for why computers have a negative impact on society is because you won't spend as much time with your friends and family. Even if you don't know this if you spend more time on the computer than with your family and friends this affects them in many ways. They can feel dissapointed worried about you, even concerned. When you are always on the computer you're ignoring your family and this hurts them emotionally. Think about how would you feel if you had a best friend you always hung out with. You two did everthing together, and the all of a sudden your best friend suddenly stops calling you; or visiting you and hanging out with you. You would feel dissapointed because you loss your best friend over a computer. These things can happen if you go overboard when using the computer. This is why is think computers don't do good they do more harm in my personal opinion. The final reason why I say that computers aren't way good is for a main reason safty. Those days computers have all the websites like @CAPS1, @CAPS2, twitter, and others. There are so many kids who chat with people they don't even know. Also they're posting pictures of themselves without even thinking that this is a dangerous thing to do. Once you post those pictures they will always be there no matter if you even try to delete them. Another thing when you're on the computer people don't even think about their safty and thats how things happen. For example you can think you're talking to a friend but as it turns out you were talking to some stranger. Then you go meet up with your friend when it really wasn't. So you see safty is a real big problem with these computers. That's why I believe computers have a really negative impact on society. As a result, do you still believe that computers are a good beifit for society or bad beifit? My opinion stillis the same and I'm sure that there are others who believe the same. So this is why I think that computers are a bad benifit for society, and that computers can lead to more harm than do any good for people who use the computer."	5	5	10
1029	"Dear @CAPS1, I think some people are overreacting, its not really going to kill you. I'm not suggesting that people should stay on the computer all day. My last reason would be that nowadays everyone nos computers. Keep reading to find out about my three topics: @CAPS2 off way too many people are overreacting, I think so because people say ""you are going to miss out or you are missing out on life. Also you are still interacting with your family and friends, just not verbally (only typing). I don't know why people are so against computers, its like global warming, so many warnings and noone listens, so why will they listen to people saying that staying on a computer too long can make you fat. That was just my opinion/thoughts on that topic. Next off I am going to tell you about how a computer can't really kill you. It can't kill you because it is only a computer for one and another reason is that you can get obeast and bored because I can't stay on the computer for more than an hour because it just gives me a headache. Well that was another opinion of mine so read on to see what else I got. Now I am going to tell you how everyone has computers. The thing is computers are not the only things that cause obeisity. Every one has a computer now because I guess everyone goes on facebook, even my mom has a facebook! But theres also other websites like sexual, games and friend sites. The most used website I think is facebook. I think so because sooo many peole have it. Well this concludes my essay and now you know my opinions on how some people overreact, how its not really going to kill you and last how everyone has a computer."	4	4	8
1030	"Dear @PERSON1 the editor of the @LOCATION1 citizen, @CAPS1 has been brought to my attention from some people around @LOCATION1 that computers and technology are bad for us. I have also heard that people believe in the tecnology. So, the reason why I'm writing today is about this issue is to put my beliefs out there. I believe that this new technology is effecting our daily exercising, playing outside to enjoy nature and interacting with friends and family. Now that are new technology with computers and such, people are distracted and do not want to exercise. This will effect our youth because we will be fat, unhealthy and sluggish all the time. @PERSON1 we don't want this to happen to our youth because we are the future and if this keeps up the state and country will suffer. Another reason is that its good to exercise and not be on the computer or watching @CAPS2 all the time is because @CAPS1 has been proven you have more energy and will feel happier most of the time. Computers do not do that for us at all. A poll even says that @PERCENT1 of people get headaches and feel tired after being on the computer. Exercise won't do that at all. Sence all of our new technology with @CAPS2 and other gagits people really don't go outside play around and enjoy nature anymore. I was asking my mother about this topic and she said, ""@CAPS4 these days just don't go outside anymore. I remember when I was your age and my mother would kick me outside at @NUM1 am and I wouldn't be back home until around @NUM2 pm."" I believe that this should still happen. Maybe parents should still do this with their @CAPS4 and have them run around the neigborhood with other @CAPS4. If we did this more offtine maybe @CAPS4 and adults too. will just do this naturally and will not have to relie on computers or @CAPS5 for entertainment. Don't you think this is a good idea @PERSON1? My last topic is with computers and cellphone and how we really don't interact with friends and family anymore. Now a days Friends aim, video chat or text each other instead of going and doing something with them. This isn't really healthy for us because we might not know how to talk to people in real life. Also is someone aims or texts you, you really don't know how their tone is because you are not talking to them face to face. Lastly I know familys that get hurt by technology because that is all they do. They don't put down their get off their emails and they feel like they don't see each other. This is also not a health relationship with family members. @PERSON1 I really hope I have persuade to you that technology is only ok to use sometime and not very day. Remember technology is bad because we don't exerce, play outside and enjoy nature and really don't interact with friends and family members. Thank you for your time."	5	5	10
1031	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 a world where nobody has any hand-eye coordination @CAPS6 they try to cath a ball it slips away. There are no friendships or communication with other countries. Is this really what you want? Computers do have positive effects on people. For example, they help with hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, and even allow people to talk online with other people. Computers have a positive effect on people and the society. First, hand eye-coordination is not something that all people have. However, you can make it better by using computers and that is a fact. Computers @CAPS4 said that computer help @PERCENT1 of @CAPS5 with their hand-eye coordination. For example, my mom used to have horrible hand-eye coordination but now that she uses a computer and it is much better. Oprah said, “ @CAPS6 I was young I couldn’t catch a ball but now that I’m older and using computers I’m the best.” @NUM1 out @NUM2 people agree that computer help hand-eye coordination. Next, computers help other people learn about faraway places. For example, if we didn’t have computers people wouldn’t travel to @LOCATION1. @PERCENT1 of @CAPS5 agree that they would never travel if it weren’t for computers it is a fact that people use the internet to learn about other countries for educational purposes. Www.exploretheworld.org wrote that @PERCENT2 of the people who use the website are students. Computers help other people learn about far away places. Finally, computers allow people to talk online. @PERCENT3 of people on facebook have at least one friend who live out of this country. It is a fact that countries are better allies @CAPS6 their people get along.Www.internationalfriendships.com wrote that they have over @NUM3 users who talk with people from other countries for example, my friend’s mother was born in @LOCATION2 and she talks online with many of her friends. Dr @PERSON1 said,”@CAPS8 friendships are the best kind because you learn about other cultures.” Computers are a wonderful way to talk to other people. Now @CAPS3 a world where every country got along because of online friendships. Where adults could play a game of baseball because they got their hand eye-coordination back. Where students could learn about distant places they didn’t know existed. Does't that sound great? Computers teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway people and places and allow people to talk online. So @CAPS1 @CAPS2 computers do benefit the society."	5	4	9
1032	"Dear Local @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I would wont computors because it benifits our society. It helps on learn about countries around the world and whats going on. For example if you wanted to no about it's sports, you can just type in name. Also a computer can help you with your education. If you were working on a homework assingment and you needed some help you can just go on the computor. It is also very benifial because student can have lots of fun playing games on the comput say like it's a cold rainy day and there is nothing to do, a kid can get some entertainment by going on the computer. It is also a good way to communicate with you friends. For example, facebook, @CAPS3, twitter, and email one all good sources of communication. Also it is good for if you have a xbox or a @NUM1 you need a computer you need to hook up a card to your computer so you can play online with your friend. It's good to have computors in school. Is teachers want some students to go on a website to learn something it is a very helpful source. It is also a good in source because in school if your working on this big project a computer can help you do it. I hope these one all good reason to have computer in our society, and it will benifit us in a number a differnt ways"	4	3	7
1033	"Dear Local Newspaper, I think the effects that computers have on people are bad, and should be stopped. I mean don't get me wrong computers help people, but a lot of people go on it everyday, some computers can get viruses, and there are much more activities to do other than on a computer. I hope to persuade you about the horrible effects a computer has on people. Do you know how many people use the computer? Well, according to @ORGANIZATION1 over @NUM1 billion people use a computer worldwide. The problem we are facing today is that too many people are on a computer, most of them are teens. According to @PERSON1 about @PERCENT1 of teens spend most of their time on an computer. Facebook, @ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS1, and @CAPS2 are the most common places to find teens. I would know that because I have a facebook myself. I've had one for almost a year, and you should see all the people who have one. My friend wanted me to get one because she said she had one one wanted me to get one too. So I did and then I found out that more then half of my grade had a facebook. In my own words I honestly think the computer can be addicting, especially when your on a worldwide account like facebook. There are many people on the computer and if must be stopped. In addition, another reason is computers occasionally get viruses. According to @CAPS3.com, the average adult gets about @NUM2 to @NUM3 viruses a year. My friend @PERSON2 was on his computer typing a report, and then his computer shut down. Then @NUM4 seconds @CAPS4 the computer said you have a virus. The next day @PERSON2 told me he didn't have his report because the virus wiped out all his information. About @PERCENT2 of viruses can cause a computer to shut down and it is hard to reboot it. Some places have made virus scans such as mcafee. and @CAPS5, but sometimes they can't catch the virus. @PERCENT3 of people who say that a virus was cought by the virus scan they have, their computer freezes up and you can't delete the virus, viruses must be terminated, so the computer can work properly. Thats another reason to why computers affect people in a bad way. Furthermore, people think that the computer is their everything. They're wrong! There is a lot of activities that they can do other than be on a computer. According to @CAPS6. Burn the average person between the ages of @NUM5 and @NUM6 spend more then @NUM7 hours on a computer. There are many other options of activities like call your friends and get together, that's why they invented the cell phone, play a sport, read a book, spend time with family for @PERSON3's @CAPS7! Don't spend all your time on the computer. About @PERCENT4 of teens who are on the computer alot tend to get into lower colleges later in life. That is my final reason of the bad effects a computer has. In conclusion, computers can cause a bad influence due to viruses, too much time on it, and not doing other things. I hope you can see my point to this and please send me a response as soon as possible."	5	5	10
1034	"Dear editor, I beleve that people should have computers, The resons are it dosen't take @NUM1 days to email. You can learn about faraway places. Also you can talk to people around the world. After looking at these detail most people are likly to agree. Firstly it dosent take @NUM1 days to email you can email someone and it takes five seconds to get to the other person. While regular mail takes @NUM1 day to a week to get to another person. When you email some one and then the email you back it saves the and government money. Email is much fasters than the mall or I like to call it snail mail. Another reson is that you would be able to learn about diffrent contrys faraway and near. Would you be able to about @LOCATION1 from you living rooms without computers. No you wouldnt't. Without computers would you be able to learn about the earth quake in chile. No you wouldent. Compters are modern day telivision for kids. Lastly you can talk to people on the computer there is many ways to talk to people like facebook, myspace, aim, and vidio chat you don't have to call some one on the @CAPS1 when you can jus vidio chat with them. In conusion computers are good. You can email fast. You can learn about foreinge contrys in you living room. You can also chat with people online. I think computers are good what about you."	4	3	7
1035	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I have reason to believe that computers and other similar modern technologie is breaking up the world we once were. Things such as computers are a main cause of @CAPS3 lacking exercise, interaction with family and friends, and is also a possible danger to ones mental health. The leading cause of obecity and an outrageous amount of overweight people in @LOCATION1, is the fact that people spend way to much time on computers, and not excersizing. I have recently found out that in the @DATE1's the average familly had one computer (sometimes none). Nowadays, the average familly has up to @NUM1, @NUM2, or even more! Furthermore, the percentage of obese peoples has sky rocketed since then, because people are almost always on the computer, rather than exercising like they should be. A major reason that modern technologie has hur t our nation, is that there is an immence lack of communication and interaction between families. Families are fighting/arguing more often, and spouses getting in divorces because they never get to spend time together. Studies have shown that nowadays @NUM3 of @NUM1 marages ends in a divorce, where as in @DATE2, it was @NUM3 of @NUM6. Advances in technologie have astoundingly increased since then, and people are on the computer/phones/other @CAPS4 which is separating families everywhere. When impubesent children are trying to grow and expand their minds, all they are doing is sitting on the computer, and not getting the brain nutrition they need. The students in schools today are the future leaders of the world. Now the parents should be thinking, if they want their children to do well, or exeed their expectation in life, then they should not be sitting on the computer all day filling their-heads with nonesence. Now, computers do have the abillity to be educationally usefull, but do children use them that way? The answer in no, and, ""@PERCENT1 of the time, neither do adults"", state @PERSON1 from the @ORGANIZATION1. I hope you can agree on the fact that computers are causing more bad than good in familes all around the world. People are not getting the amount of exercise they need, aren't interacting with family enough, and these computers can become harmfull to the mental health of future generations. If famillies can minimize the amounts of computer-drawn activities, then I think parents all over the world can modify themselves about their childrens health."	5	5	10
1036	"I think @CAPS1's should use computer's so they can help their self's by using a computer? First @CAPS1's should use computers because if they wanted to take notes on what their doing they can just go on the computer and write it. The Computers are faster than just writing. On a computer all you have to do is type. You can use a computer to look up what ever you want to look for example: the teacher ask to look up a giraffe. The only place you can find a giraffe is if you go on the computer and search a giraffe. That's a reason how to look up things it is easier to look up things instead of looking it up the most way. Lastely, if you have a project you have to and it involves pictures and you dont know how to find it all you just to do is go on the computer find what you searching for and then we are done after you found everything that you see @CAPS2 to let students use computers insde classroom/schools for the they can get easy help."	3	3	6
1037	"Dear @CAPS1, I remember when I was younger my parents got two laptops for themselves. Internet use was always available, interaction of online chat. It was extremly exciting for them. On the other hand, I got to sit home and watch them have fun. I couldn't go outside, or hang out with friends just because I was stranded insided as they enjoyed the computer. I strongly feel as if computers do not benefit society. People spend too much time using the internet than exercising, nobody gets to enjoy the beauty of nature, and there is less interaction with family and friends. There are many holes being dog while computers one still being used and bought. Our society is just going downhill from here. People don't need to be sitting at home inside breathing reused air while using the computer. Proffessor @PERSON3, a health generalist, stated on @ORGANIZATION2 news that @PERCENT1 of all people around @LOCATION1 would rather be on the computer at home doing nothing than going outside and/or getting some kind of exercise. Could you imagine all of those unhealthy people not worriying about anything except their computer? the only thing computers do for us these days is abandon our free time. @CAPS2 waist @PERCENT2 of there spare time on their computer. If technology decreases there new games people play, and sites people use, it is likey for people to get out of the house and do something healthy for themselves. @PERSON1, owner of @ORGANIZATION1, said ""I have never seen in my entire life, so many people using there computers and internet. Its been quite sometimes when over one billion @CAPS2 are online on a typical weekend. "" @PERSON1 later mentions "" it's kind of depressing of how much time they spend on computers, than outside and enjoying nature."" Not only is excersicing time headed down the drain, but our used to be "" beautiful"" nature is as well. Many young kids these days are watching @CAPS3, they see computer game commercials there parents buy them the game, and all of a sudden they are on it @NUM1. Since adults aren't doing there part by idolizing these kids to persuade them to run around outside and do something healthy. The kids need to step up for a change! Did you know global warming is caused by the minimum density in the air? If we have almost to no children or adults running around outside, our world is not flowing too well. Hence our budget is low, and pollution is extremly off the wall; our nature is going from beatifu to less and lesser. @PERSON2, a government official has survey @NUM2 people from each state asking about how much time they spend weekly of just enjoying nature and roleizing the beaty of it. The survey reads one in every @NUM3 people thoughly breathe in the beauty for at least @NUM4 minuests, a week. I mean come on; that's pathetic. Maybe if we surely excluded computers and technology for a while, global warming won't be nessicary. I remember when I was about @NUM4 years old an I never once got to meet my other family besides my siblings. It was pretty sad because I'm always told I have a huge family that is very known to our town but I have no clue who they are ! this is all because technology was invented. Never once have I ever been outside and relaxed besides when I got on and off the bus for school. My parents stand me in my house as they use the computer. The other day I just found out what ""show"" is because my moms computer brake and now I am get introduced to my other family along with the freedom of going outside. Ever since my mom's computer brake she has lots of free time to spend with me. Technology ruined my childhood as a kid and without it you get to open up the real importance of life. Would you want to become obese, like through global warming, and/or to not interact with family or outside nature? Its sadi how @PERCENT3 of these reasonings are caused by the excessvive use of technology and computers. Let's just get rid of it all! Thank you for your time @CAPS1!"	5	6	11
1038	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, Have you ever wondered what effect computers have on people? It is a very negative effect. Computers are one of the main reasons of why kids do not exercise and become obese, it can effect students' grades, and by being on the @CAPS6, you are isolating yourself from your loved ones. First of all, more and more kids are using computers way more often than they should. The result of this, you @MONTH1 ask? Since computers are used daily, especially by young adolescents, it is likely for that child to become obese. Researches from well-known colleges, such as @ORGANIZATION2 and @LOCATION2, discovered that @PERCENT1 of kids who spend more than two hours on the @CAPS6 are obese or will become heavier when they are older. After speaking with @PERSON1, graduate from @LOCATION1, he told me that when children spend more time on the @CAPS6, they are doing nothing but staring at a bright screen that can damage their eyes, and not spending their time outside enjoying the beautiful weather. As a consequence, kids start to gain body fat from sitting on a coach staring at the @CAPS6 all day instead of exercising! My second reason of why computers are a negative effects on kids is that it can harm your grades! After I spoke with a current student at @ORGANIZATION1, she told me that the reason why her grades drop is because she is too busy on @CAPS3, @CAPS4, @CAPS5, etc. She does not focus on her @ORGANIZATION1 work like she should and because she doesn't, her grades go from @NUM1's to low @NUM2's. This shows that even ""A"" students are getting bad grades from being on the @CAPS6. Additionally, from being on the @CAPS6 so much and not paying attention at @ORGANIZATION1 work, it can effect your best grades on the @ORGANIZATION3's! This shows that by always going on the @CAPS6 you hurt your academic skills. My last and final reason of why computers have a negative effect on children is because it harms your social skills of being on outgoing, talkative individual! Everytime you log into that death trap device, your selfesteem becomes lower because you never talk to friends or call them. You just sit on a hard chair, looking at an electronics device that is going to take you no where in life. Also, you are pushing your loved ones away by being on @CAPS6 @NUM3. You will end up never spend time with them and you will never call your friends to see what they are up to if you keep on going on the @CAPS6. Furthermore, if your mom or dad tells you to get off your @CAPS6, you become cranky and rude to your family just becuase you want to go back on your favorite electronic device. Do you really want to act that way to your family? So, in summing up, computers are a negative effect on many young individuals, and the reasons for this are that you have less time to exercise, it harms your grades, and you are not able to be as interactive with people by being on the @CAPS6. The real question is, though, is do you think computers have a negative or positive effect on people?"	5	5	10
1039	"Dear, @ORGANIZATION1 I think the effects that computers do on people are really positive. Computers can be used for all sorts of things. Examples like finding things out about history. People that changed the world and other information. Computers give the power for children to learn. For example, their are lots of websites that offer online tutoring or good ways to help you pass school. Other positive way is online dateing sites. You can meet new people and is a good way to make life even better. Popular sites like @CAPS1, @CAPS2, @CAPS3, and so on make a good way to keep in touch with friends from your past, or even make new ones. But the most that I think thats the best in my opinion is going to school online. Once your done with colloge and you are a nuse, for an example you can get a higher degree like a registered nurse then being a @ORGANIZATION2. I think computers has a positive effect on people."	3	3	6
1040	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, The use of computers does not benefit our society. Instead of spending time with the people we love, like friends and family, our time is knawed up by the one electronical device that many people depend on; the computer. This is not a very good thing to have an electronic device like this in our ever day lives because it uses a lot of electricity, it is expensive to buy and replace, and it allows hackers or other bad people into things we dont want them to see. But using electricity is @CAPS4 the start. By using electricity for this nonsense device, we waste money. We also are doing our part to destroy the environment. Greenhouse gasses and fuel are poisoning the air and being wasted. ""I don't have a computer at my house, and I get along pretty well."" @CAPS3 a local environmentalist. So that's @CAPS4 it; we can get along well without the computers taking over our lives. Along with not being good for the environment, it is also not good for the economy. My dad always @CAPS3 how he doesn't like to waste money, and then he goes and purchase a computer. Not only has this computer crashed once, but twice! A waste of money has been put into buying it, restoring it once, and now restoring it a second time! Plus computers waste our time. I always remember my grandfather saying "",I don't know why you folks waste all your precious time and money on these doo-dads!"" With so many people aquiring new devices, fewer people will be able to keep track of what goes where and who sees it. This is a terribele thing for the people, but a very, very good thing for the bad people. By ""bad people"" I mean internet hackers. As time goes on, and people get less aware of what's happening in their electronic lives, more and more hackers will be able to get what they want; in fact, anything they want. ""@CAPS4 a few months ago, I put a message on the message board on the @CAPS5 website which said I would be on vacation for a week. My address was also posted, because that message was a mobile upload. When I came back from vacation, half the things in my house were gone!"" said a local resident. Burglaries, robberies, and internet access can lead to chaos. Feeble protection is never good. But remember, computers are using massive amounts of electricity, amking many people waste time and money, and allowing bad people into things we don't want them to see. Please understand the meaning how terrible computers are."	5	5	10
1041	"Dear @CAPS1: you recently posed a question in you Newspaper. The @CAPS2 yourk @CAPS3, asking if the readers were for or against technology. I support computers because they give one opportunity to learn about different people all over the world and their culture, they save massive ammounts of time in today's hustle-bustle society, and you can talk to people online via certain computer programs. With a computer one can learn scores of information about foreign countries and their culture. I read an article in the @CAPS4 @CAPS3 about a man who was participating in a church program in which a foreign citizan would come to @LOCATION2 for a while to make friends and learn about the @LOCATION1. This man, @PERSON1, was assigned a from the farms of @CAPS6 who had never been out of the fields. @PERSON1 thought @CAPS13 would be nice to welcome her in his house with a familiar setting. Unfortunatley, he knew nothing about @CAPS6. he did have a computer though which he quickly retreated to so he could learn everything about her home. When the woman stepped into his door, @CAPS8 was eastastic to feel like @CAPS8 was home again. @CAPS8 ended up staying with @PERSON1 and getting married. If he had not charmed her with his knowledge from the computer. @CAPS8 might not have stayed and had a wonderful life with him. Also, @PERSON2 from @ORGANIZATION2 says that language students such as spanish and french have @PERCENT1 higher success rate if they have a computer to learn more about the countries. He says the average grade for kids with a computer is an A. but the average grade for kids @CAPS15 a computer is a @CAPS9+. Therefore, having a computer to learn about faraway places and people can ensure happiness and succes in the future. Computer also save a massive ammount of time. In the school Newspaper, @PERSON6 told about her homework problem. ""@CAPS10 night i had @CAPS11 homework. I had vocals @CAPS8 is a galore to deal with. I had to look up @CAPS10 word in the huge dictionary, I was failing @CAPS11 because i just didn't have the time for my homework! Then my family bought me a computer, @CAPS13 was so nice using the online dictionary. I could finish my homework in @NUM1 minutes compared to @NUM2 hours! I was finally doing well in @CAPS11."" @CAPS15 her computer, @PERSON6 would have to have and @CAPS11 @NUM2. @CAPS8 would have just kept failing @CAPS15 her time-saving computer. ALso, @PERSON3 says that @PERCENT2 of people get to work faster when they look up traffic reports on the computer instead of listening in the radio. He says that @PERCENT3 of people get a because their boss is so impressed with their consistent timing. As you can see, time is a valuable thing which computers can help save. Finally, computer allow one to talk online. A student once had the misfortune to break one of his vertabrae. The doctor told him that he would not be able to participate in school for a. The student, @PERSON5, came up with a plan to speak to his teachers via his laptop and webcam. Everyday, the teachers would give @PERSON5 an update over his computer. When he finally marched back into school, @PERSON5 barely had any work to make up because his teacher bad interacted with him over the computer. @CAPS15 his computer, @PERSON5 would have a month's worth of work and learning to make up which would have been overwhelming. Also, @PERSON4 of @ORGANIZATION1 says that students that communicate with their families during college have better relationshops after college. Obviously, being able to talk to some are over the computer is a useful thing to have. In conclusion, having a family computer is a very good thing. Not only does @CAPS13 allow people to learn about places other than their home, @CAPS13 also gives us more time and allow us to talk to other withour ever leaving the comfort on home. I recommend that everyone who wants an easier life should invest in a computer."	6	6	12
1042	"Did you know that @PERCENT1 @LOCATION1 people use their computers extremely often? Not many people don't have a computer these days and sometimes it's hard to get away from it. I think most people can control themselves, though I believe that computers are very important and also have a positive effect on people. I use the computer to talk with friends and family, to help with my homework, and I am still active. I spend quite a bit @LOCATION1 time on the computer, yet I am still a very active person. I take dance lessons twice a week and when I can. I ride my bike, play outside, or run on the treedmill. I would say that I am a very healthy person. It @MONTH1 seem like I am on a lot, but really I have something. Also, all my friends are on the computer and some @LOCATION1 them are more active then me. Most people spend lots @LOCATION1 time on the computer and are still healthy and busy with other activities. I would definetly say that I interact with my family quite a bit. In a family @LOCATION1 it is kind @LOCATION1 hard not to. Also, I hang out with my friends every chance I get. I interact a lot but the computer lets me talk to them when there not around. Most @LOCATION1 my extended family lives in @LOCATION1. The computer lets me communicate with them and even exchange digital pictures. Sometimes your friends. This has happened to before and I were too busy to get together or it was snowing and my parents couldn't drive. We still got to talk and have a nice conversation. Some people have to be on the computer all day. my mom keeps the books and managers many things for a company. She spends a lot @LOCATION1 time on the computer whether she likes it or not. This really cannot be helped. Sometimes it is just necessary. Also, teachers use it to help them teach classes and prepare materials for it. As s result, I use it for homework. I @MONTH1 need to check my homework, research a topic, or use it for help. I think the computer is absolutely necessary and is a very irresplaceable piece @LOCATION1 technology. I'm sure you will now agree that computers are helpful, not harmful. As long as you get equal amounts @LOCATION1 fresh air and family interaction, they have a very positive on people's lives."	5	4	9
1043	"Typing and surfing the web @MONTH1 be exciting; however, is it worth the @CAPS1 risks that there are now? Before computers were discovered, human's healthyness is triple than what it is now. Computers can be useful and @MONTH1 have some benefits; on the other hand, they are harmful and they should not be used as often. They have unprofessional websites, they are not helpful when it comes to excercise, and they disturb @CAPS1 individuals privacy. @CAPS1 kids are let onto computers every day and they wonder @ORGANIZATION1 to the websites that the internet has to offer. Consequently, kids end up in inappropriate websites that they are not meant to be on. In fact, @PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION1 kids enter unproffesional websites and @PERCENT2 @ORGANIZATION1 them have no parental vision in the @LOCATION1 alone. Therefore, @CAPS1 kids act up in homes and at school. However kids are not the only ones who are affeted by this. Computers have a disadvantage @ORGANIZATION1 being hacked or virused from uncensored websites. MOreover, computers crash or don't allow use @ORGANIZATION1 computer documents because @ORGANIZATION1 these viruses. Ever since the @ORGANIZATION2 was invented obesity and lack @ORGANIZATION1 exercise in a person's schedule has skyrocketed. A scientist, named @PERSON1 from the @ORGANIZATION1, said,""@CAPS1 computers users have lost their use if muscles, but they have gained to over @MONEY1 @ORGANIZATION1 fat causing a lot @ORGANIZATION1 hem to not be able to do activities they did before."" I believe that this is definitely true because I remember that the same happened to my sister. She ate more and her excercise time was spent more on the computer that on her body. I know that @CAPS1 say that computers help in hand-eye coordination, however, is it really worth more than someones healthy body? @CAPS1 things are sold on the internet that are not in stores, but you don't trust the internet when buying these products. You don't trust the internet because you have heard so much about someone'es identify or money taken away from them."	4	4	8
1044	"Dear Newspaper, I am writing to you @DATE1 because think computers really effect people in a bad way. I say this becuause @CAPS1 you go on the internet you do not get that much excirse. You also don't get good grades at all! That's bad thing. Plus when on a computer there are some really wierd people. I really want you guys to hear out my story. Go outside! @CAPS3 mom I'm on the computer! @CAPS1 your on the computer to much you want want to get exersce. @CAPS1 you don't get excise you won't be healthy! you want get excise. Also you will obese you don't want that! For instance when your in gym class you want to be healthy. So you can and you will get a good grade. Do you want a bad grades? That sums it up on. You got an @CAPS2! On your report card? When you spend alot of your time on a computer then you will get addicted. @CAPS1 you get addicted then you will not do your homework then your grades will drop. You will get bad grades in school. Then you have a possibilty to stay back. Plus then the parents to flipout on. This is one of my reasons why computers effect people in a bad way! When you go on the computer you have @CAPS3 clue who you are talking to unless your thier friends. There has been very many cases that kids getting stolen because of facebook and myspace. @CAPS1 your kid goes on those websites than your kids' always at danger! There are cyber and they could find out where you live that information about you. For instance there was a case on myspace that a kid thought she was talking to a @NUM1 year old boy she was really talking to a @NUM2 something year old guy. Then the girl went missing for about weeks. That was. So you can never trust a computer. When you take a real good look at computers you will see they are just @CAPS3 good. All my reasons before. They are you will not get nearly the amount of you are supose to. Your grade will plummet down @CAPS1 you stay on the computer and they trick you. So even know you can communicate with your friends. Its just not worth it."	4	4	8
1045	"Today in our society almost everyone uses computers weather @CAPS4 to do research, play games, or interact with others. These are all positive things. The schools across america are using computers from @NUM1 grade to online colledges. People benefit from computers by getting everything and anything done from them. @CAPS2 anyone who has a brain can relize that computers are a positive in todays society. First off computers are a positive thing because they can get almost anything done for you. you can play on them, and interact with others the reason that the computer being able to get almost anything done for you @CAPS4 a good thing because if you need to get work done you can do that if you need research @CAPS1 can do that and @CAPS1 can help you In any subject. The reasons that playing games can be positive @CAPS4 @CAPS1 does not only give you great hand eye cordonation but @CAPS1 also exersises you brain and can be a learning for young children. The reasons that interacting through the computer @CAPS4 that you learn how to be and talk through email for buisnesses and,make many @CAPS2 pleases use your brain and that computer our society today. @CAPS2 to keep on going americans are the smartest people in this world and our very well. I @CAPS3 have to you like and that @CAPS4 why we send every one of them to school @NUM2 of every year. Will that said they use computers anyone to say that computers are bad the that you love do while this. That useing computers and benifiting your life. @CAPS2 as you can see that computers are a thing for the good and can benifit to days saciety @CAPS2 I beg you for your sake please use computers and benifit your life. Its for your own good."	4	5	9
1046	"Dear @CAPS1, I believe that computers have a positive effect on people. Three reasons why I think computers have a positive effect on people are that you have the ability to talk to your friends and family, also talk to other people around the world and you can even shop online. Without contact with your loved ones is sad because if you wanna talk to them you can email them to see how they are doing. With emailing you can send messages to your friends in any part of the world. One example of this is if you have a friends in @LOCATION1 and you wanna see if he's doing @CAPS2 you can send him a message. Talking to people on the web is really fun because you can se what or people are playing games with you. If you are on facebook or myspace you can add people as your friends so you can friends. Shopping online is more faster and more quicker than shopping at. is that if you shopping for clothes and there's a then you'll start to go that's why there is online shoping so that we can. You can. In conclusion is a very useful thing. talk to your relatives from @LOCATION2 and you can shopping without the waiting in line. The can talk to other the world."	3	4	7
1047	"With more and more people using computers. I think that this does not benifit society. I think this because mere cases of suicide are from online bullying, people get @CAPS2 addicted that they don’t exercize and become obeast, and because it is bad for the environment. Now more than ever before people are bulling. But not just showing kids around like they use to. Now the bullies found a new way, by starting web pages, emailing the person, or making threats online. With the internent people say things that they would'nt be able to say in person because you dont have to see face to face all the time. Did you know that @PERCENT1 of all teenage suicides are from being bullied online. The bullies get into that person head and cause them to hurt themselves because they let people get to them. If we didnt have as many people going online then the youth would be more protected from online predilors. As you sit on the computer and play games or to friends, you are most likely caling. Well when you eat and stay on the computer you arnt exercising. Well, more than @PERCENT2 of obeast people say they don't exercise because they are either to tired or dont have enough time. Of course you are going to be tired if you sit for a couple hours staring at a computer screen. When they say they don't have time but yet they spend an hour a day on the computer. That dosnt make much to me. Obeasity has becomea big concern it is the main cause of head problems. @CAPS2 get active The enviorment is a big concern these days. With toxic, the @CAPS1 layer and skin cancer on the rise. But how does the computer? Well computers use energy and let toxix for environment. Killing the @CAPS1 layer @CAPS2 the are much more powerful, hurting people. Yes and plant do help the @CAPS1 layer but when you print you @CAPS2 you @CAPS2 very hard to keep up with the demand of and the demand of the @CAPS3 have to eat, but with out trees, plants they eat? By the time our children's childrens are here, there @MONTH1 be @CAPS3 to no wildlife left, barely any wilderness and without the @CAPS1 layer many people will die of skin cancer. All because we are @CAPS2 addicted to using the computers. People lives, health, and the environment are all big issues that computers help to distore. How would you feel walking into your childs bedroom seeing them on the floor dead from being bullied on the computer. Or see a loved one suffer from heart problems due to obeasity becasue they couldn't get off the computer. Or in about @NUM1 years the @CAPS1 layeris completly distroyed due to the computers, with @CAPS3 to no wildlife left. Using computers does not benifit society. Sure its a quick look up. But @CAPS2 are books. The computer has every thing a local libeary has. @CAPS2 stop being lazy and get out. Put a stop to suicides, obeasity, and hurting the environment."	5	6	11
1048	"More and more people use computers but not everyone agrees that this benefits society. Well, to me it does benefit society in many ways like, learning online. You can learn many things online, you can practice math, reading, and even writing. You can also have fun online if your bored at home and have nothing to do. Also, you can interact with friends and family members, by email etc. When your online you can learn alot of things. If your at home, and you need to study for a test, you can go online and study. You can also learn more, because you can learn how to do a math problem if you don't know it, or just catch up on reading. People sometimes need a computer because they might be bored, so they can go online and play games and have fun. People, especially kids get bored at times, so they can just go on the computer and play games and trivias so they can still learn. Computers can let you interact with your family and f riends. You can e-mail or webcam. if yopu haven't talk to someone a long period of time you can just go to the computer and talk to them. If you want to find a @CAPS1 school classmate that you haven't talked to in years, you can now. Computers do benefit the society, In my own opinion we do need computers. If parents do not want their child on websites they don't approve of, the parents can always block those websites. Computer are really nessacary they can help in a huge way."	4	4	8
1049	"I tink that a computer is a good idea because when people are online they like to talk to there family and see them by the video cam. When you dont want to go out or your just go online and pay us . Like would you like to be no because when you watching a movie that you like your be like oh "" go clean your room"" and you go like ""oh wait this movie is good."" The computer are the best system for go online every body use computer. Witout computer how you going to cheak your yahoo @CAPS1. My moom love to be on @CAPS2. How you going to check your message if u dont know have a computer. If they lake computers out of sle every body is going to try to make one. and the people from walmart is going to be like they making more money than me llike the people from but buy they got good computers. no one is to make people to get people offline. Apple store have when people go over and buy some computers. When they be spending all the time on the is because they like to be online. If i like onlie you are not going to take the computers and say u searching mor in the computer. But is all bout computers when your mom is all ways at your house boring do go bu a computer whne you get money."	3	4	7
1050	"Dear, @CAPS1 Computers do have positive effects but the negative effects are much worse than the positive effects. @CAPS2 bulling happens everyday. Not only that but when there is a computer around kids aren't going to be exercising. Those machines also damage the eyesight of humans @CAPS2 bulling is the worst effect of computers. This form of bulling has happened to many and we have lost many to it. @CAPS2 bulling happens to @NUM1 out of every @NUM2 kids. @CAPS2 bulling is a disease and it has to be stopped, kids have commited suicide because of it. Not only that but the life of kids have been threatened and taken by it. Without computers this disease would be stopped. Childhood obeasity is a big problem in @LOCATION1 and part of the reason is because of computers. Kids shouldn't be on the computer, they should be outside running around with their friends. Computers are an addiction that kids can't break. computers aren't just bad for kids, their bad for adults too. Computer screens are harmful to the eyes if you stare at one for too long. Your sight is very important to living. Sight is, most of the time your most important sense. Now you see why computers don't benefit society. Online, people are harrased to the extreme. The bright computers screens are harmful to the delicate human eyes. Kids should be exercising outside not siting at home on the computer. Everyone should pull the plug on their computers for good and never turn them back on."	4	3	7
1051	"Dear, Newspaper I am writing to persuade to put article in the paper about how computers have bad benefits on people. Computers make you unhealthy, bullying takes place on the computer, and it effects how you do in school. First, computers have bad effects on people because it makes you unhealthy. I say this because most people don't get enough exercise. Then you get obese from not having enoughb exercise. Eventually you @MONTH1 or @MONTH1 not get diabetes from being obese, but most of the time you do. The next reason why lcomputer have bad effects is because kids get bullied on the internet. This is important because when kids get bullied the feel bad about themselves. Then they all get very depressed. This is called cyber bullying. One example is, is that a guy came to our school to talk about his son. his son had killed himself from being bullied on the internent and at school. That is why bullying is an important issue and computers have bad effects on people. My third and final reason why computer have bad effects on people is that kids do bad in school. they do bad in school because they spend so much time on the computer that they stop doing their homework and stop preparing for tests and quizzes. Also kids get distracted in school because all they think or care about is going home and going on the computer. Kids also do bad in school because they eventually think that school is a waste of time and drop out. It is a proven fact that @PERCENT1 of kids that have dropped out of school was kids that were always on the computer and they said that school was a waste of time. Thats how a computers have on effect on school. Now remember, computers have bad effects on people because it makes people unhealthy. People gets bullied, and it has on effect on your schoolwork. That is how computers have bad effects on people."	4	4	8
1052	"Dear Newspaper editor, Have you ever been working on a paper, or reading something and theres that word you've never heard before? And you just cant figure it at? There where a computer can help you. Yes, some people do waste all their time, online but they have issues. Computers help us with all of our school projects and get research. You can @CAPS3 reconnect woth old friends that you havent sen in years, learned many good things with the internet and computers. First off we would not be able to do some of the things we do without computers. @CAPS1 us school projects, I use @ORGANIZATION1 word and powerpoint all the time. Our teachers prefer us to do that instead of handwriting evert thing. Getting information on the computer is so much faster and easier I mean the time it would take, you to look up the word ""elephants"" the encyclopedia is probably @NUM1 times more that it takes to it in can google. Plus there about @NUM2 1/@NUM2 seconds google call all up millions of websites just what ""elephants"". Another reason way computers are very beneficial is you can reconnect the old friends you havent seen or talked for a years. You can @CAPS3 meet new @CAPS1 us dating and facebook especially is three things and theres websites like twitter where you can follow celebrities and @CAPS2, computers are internet gives great information people. Some kids take online @CAPS3 @CAPS4 that does recieves around computers to do really have a choice. So in conclusion, computers can be very beneficial to lets of people I know its not a good thing to sit there all day and play cmputer games, but we lets of things accomplished, like school projects, or any project really. Its @CAPS3 nice to meet up with someone you havent talked to in a while sometimes. We have learned many great things from the internet. I hopre you consider my opinion."	4	4	8
1053	"Dear Local Newspaper, Spending too much time on the computer is never a good thing. Whether you are doing work or things for pleasure. I strongly believe this because being on the computer too long will mean that you are spending less time excersising, interacting with real family and friends rather than on the internet, and being on computer too long can ruin your vision. Nowadays with all the great advances in technology, peoples are always glued to computer screens. Lets face it, once you go on the computer, it can get pretty addicting with all of the fabulous things you can do and when we get addicted, we don't feel like doing other things like excersising. Studies show that @PERCENT1 of the kids who use his or her computer for more than @NUM1 hours a day is obese. The cause of this problem is obvious and it is kids being addicted to computers. Since they are so addicted to computers, the do not want to go to the gym or anything. Another example is that in school kids have a choice of what electives the want to take. Many kids would rather choose the computer programming class rather than physical education. This also cuts down on their excersise time. Computers are wonderful things, but when it starts affecting your health and physical fitness, they are enemies. Interacting with others on the computer can be looked at as a positive but it is not since it affects the way you interact in real life. For instance, some people develop a habit from only interacting through the computer that makes them anti-social in real life. Furthermore, some kids can be the most pleasant people to interact with through the computer but then when you used them in real life, they are the quietest people in the world. This happens because they are more comfortable interacting through the computer. Also, they have lost their abilities to interact in real life. Interacting through the computer is great if you have family and friends in other countries but you shouldn't do it so much that you become uncomfortable to interact in real life. Your eyes are one of the most important parts of your body besides the vital parts. Most people do not know this but being on the computer too long puts strain on your eyes which is bad. This strain only lead to unpleasant things. For example, if you we addicted to computers, then there is a large chance you will get glasses someday in your life. A recent poll was taken and over @PERCENT2 of people who use their computers for more than @NUM2 hours a day have gotten glasses. Another example is that overtime the strain build up and up to the where even with glasses you can hardly see. Imagine a world where your vision is so bad that it is like your eyes are almost closed, that's what happens to people who use their computers too long. Local newspaper, you @MONTH1 think that computers are one of the greatest inventions ever, the you are right, however you shouldn't use it too much."	6	5	11
1054	"Dear @CITY1 current I am writing to you on the issue about people spending to much time on computers and not able to spend time with other people like family, friends and others. Also people are getting information off of the computer which is a good thing for important paper that you might have to do or collage essay to get in to that collage. Another reason is that people are truning a bit lazy and not getting to enjoy exerising and getting to get some freish air. To more on I will explain what I mean about being with family and friends. For example let's say that your friends are planing on going to yhis huge beach party that every one is going to. So you tell your friends to pick you up but beofre they come you go on the computer talk to some you know and your friends come to your house to pick you up but you are not  for them they pass on by you don't go go to school next day there talking about you miss the party. SO that is any story , it might seen long so, I'm shorting the next part which is the information on computer. Foe example lets say that you  doing on  paper you  . Just need youre more . You find a place you go on find good write come down yet of of the computer finish paper get grade that is good feel happy the end. So that is the only good end of the reason why computres are good. For some  reason some people went to stay inside on the computer but other go outside on a good warm day. So what is your reason myspace, facebook other its good if you talk to other people bad if all you worried about if your pics are good, what matters is there you need to be haapy. I think  done all I could. So thoses are my reason why computer are good and bad  for reasch bad because of nooding to exericis and need to be with friends "	4	3	7
1055	"Dear @PERSON1 @CAPS1 I am writing this letter to inform you that I think computers are a smart investment for a couple of reasons. The following are some reasons on why computers benifit society, they allow children to do homework with some help, children can talk to other friend and when children are board they can play games music on it. UGH! I don't get this sometimes I am sitting at the kitchen table tring to do my history homework but I don't know the year the revalotionary war was. @CAPS2 I go in my room turn the computer on and @CAPS6 there I go to google and look up what I need to know. This also benefits parents too because if they are doing the bills or something they don't have to be bothere, the kid could look it up and know it is @CAPS6! Finally all my homework is done but my computer is still on I'm going to see who is online that I can talk to and make sure I didn't miss any homework. Talking to your friends online could help you stay in contact with friends in other states or just people you don't see very often. This can help make new friends or make friendships closer and cause less problems. Alright no body is home or online @CAPS2 I think @CAPS3 going to kick back turn some music to kick back turn some music on and maybe take a nap. Or I can play the new counter strke game I got ! YEAH on playing counter strike. Least death on my team that game! Alright thats enough of counter strike for the day I think I'm going to turn same music on and lay in bed. Now that I have told you all of the benefits of computers You @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6! keep in mind that it can help with homework, talking with friends, or just having some fun."	4	4	8
1056	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, To begin, I understand that people don't like computers because they are over used. If the computers are so bad then they shouldn't be used, but how I see it is that they also bring more good than bad. These points to computer wellfare are they bring sourses, their is interaction between people, and computers are going to advance more over time. Even though these people think they are overused they still use them. So, even I use the computer a lot, but it could be used for good. First and foremost, these computers can get sources online that can't be found in books. Their are search engines that you can find your topics on. Then, when you find your source it has info that could have been skipped over. They can show the other side of they story that they didn't say in the book. your projects that you used to have to go to the library for you now can do from home, that itself is a step that you aren't considering. For instance if people are on a lot @PERCENT1 of the time is research. Furthermore, people can interact with friends over the computer. They can talk, send pictures, or play games. For example, i play xbox and I talk to my friends over that a lot of the time. Even a video game is fun as being with them, quoted from @CAPS1 @CAPS2 ""I have a computer not for friends, but for work"". This shows that even large important still use it for work. people say using a computer is like learning to ride a bike. My mom told me a story that she met my dad because he fixed her computer at her job. So, I am here with my parents because of a computer. None the less, the computers are at their begining and they will further improve. So people that are on have a reason for why they are on the computer. This advancement is going to advance again and again so there won't be a way to stop it thus, people will be on it only more and more so there is no chance of stopping the outbreak of computers. Then you will try to stop them with ""computers eat your brain"". We all know that is garbage. To conclude, I implore you not to try and change the habits of others. I @CAPS3 that if people want to use computer they can. I say this with the sources, the friends and the advanement."	4	4	8
1057	"Readers, imagine a world without computer. Communication would be, schoolwork would be far more difficult and we'@CAPS1 lose a source that generates tons of fun. Do you really want a world like that? The pros of computer definetly outweigh the. For example, computers make world communication way better thanks do like email, instant messaging, and cideo conferencing, computers also make learning for school easier and allow you to work. Lastly, computer make the world a much more and fun place thanks to youtube, news and online movies/tv shows. The effect of computers is definetly positive on society. With one click a message can be rent to anywhere in the world. How great is that? Because of computers people not only email to each othe but we can even have live chat. through text or videos online communication is a great help i my life, and the lives of my peers. For example, whenever I forget homework or have about schoolworks I can reach my peers and get help in a matter of. Not only can I seek help from others on my computer but I can stay in touch with my friends and family. So those who think computers cause us to spend less time wioth family and friends are mistaken. Computer link the world together and greatly advance communication positively. Aside from communication, computer also greatly improve and learning in many ways. FOr example, they make it so that projects and assignments can be done fastter and easier thanks to like microsoft word. Its proven that @NUM1 students who use computers from schoolwork they make learning easier as well. Online encyclopedia like and help students all over the wolrd with schoolwork or just learning for fun that at home. any that computers improve education is through online tutors and help sites. Were made it so your basically always within minutes of a teacher. I can't imagine completing any assignment without computer on my. Computers are not only practical for school and communication but they're also a great way to spend time having fun. One source of fun on the computer, is online movies and tv shows. Thanks to them you can always stay caught up with the latest episodes of your favorite show. online gaming also brings joy to poeple all over the world. you can spend hours playing live with others in detailed @NUM2-@CAPS1 world! Computers also enable you to kids back and laugh at historical videos on youtube. Lastly computer make browsing all the latest news a. YOu will always know whats goign on in the world, thanks to your computers. So whether you enjoy chilling and watching video, playing games or reading up on the news you will always find a way to have fun online! Whats not to like? With such a positive affect on the world, computer are definetly amazing technology you can communicate with friends or family online in an instant work on your school assignmnet, learn something new or simply have a great time! We how you, computers make life better and much easier. "	5	5	10
1058	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I have recently heard about the debate on whether or not computers are used too often. Computers can be unhealthy, I think that generally they're helpful. They give us many oportunities that wouldn't exist without them. I'll describe more of what I mean in the following letter. First, I'll explain one of the advantages of computers. Studying and school work. Computers can provide people with ways to research things. For students, it @MONTH1 be something like research for a project of essay. For adults it could be information on starting a business. In both of those cases, computers were used to get information in a simpler way then perhaps visiting a library, I, personally, know of a website called @LOCATION1, where teachers can set up online tests for students. This would not be possible without computers. Computer online courses can even taken, where a student can be taugh through the internet, rather than in person. This can be an advantage to someone that can't always get to classes. I would also like to mention that computers provide a popular form of communication. E-mail and I @CAPS3. These methods of communication have become extreamly popular recently, and I myself use both. I think for some people it can be bad because it prevents them from interacting with the real world. But in general I think it's helpful. It also gives parents and teachers another way to communicate. These are just some of the many ways computers are helpful. Lastly, I'd just like to talk about how computers can benefit adults specifically. I know that many people pay their bills online. This is becaus if you think about it, isn't it a hassle to have to mail your bills every month? Computers greatly reduce that hassle. They can also make it easier to buy things you need, look for jobs, and many other things. Without computers, things like looking for jobs would require a lot more work than they do with them. These, again, are only some of the hundreds, if not thousands of ways which computers are helpful. In conclusion, I think I've made my point very clear. Any thing in moderation is okay. People that argue that computers are unhealthy speak of those who use computers too much. Generally this is not the case. Usually computers can do much more good than bad, and can make a persons life much easier. They help very much with education, and even that alone I think should be enough to convince you that computers are helpful. But as I said, I hope I made my point clear, and I hope you agree with me."	4	4	8
1059	"Dear @CAPS1, The effects computers hace on society is a mixture of positive use and negative use. Getting tired and lazy is a negative use of the computer. When you are on the computer. When you are on the computer for more than @NUM1 minutes ayou start to get lazy and not wanting to get up. That affects a lot of people @DATE1 because there are a lot of people working on their computer for there jobs and they have to use the computer. Kids are harder because they don't want to do something other than just sitting on the computer instead of when they come back from school because they are so tired, if we limit the time they use the computer it will be better for kids, grown ups, and your brain. When adults spend a lot of time on the computer due to there jobs or checking their email, a lot of times they don't interact with their family or other people because they are on the computer I can connect with this because @CAPS4 dad is always on the computer due to his office not talking to us or even seeing is. Sometimes I wish that the world should of never invented computers because I get so frustated with them, but a lot of times we do spend family time and its good to get away from your computers beside thats what makes the money. Emailing, chating, @CAPS3, aim, @CAPS2 are all echnology communication using these communcation is helpful if somebody can't text or doesn't have a phone you can always chat them on @CAPS3 or send them an email. Email & @CAPS3 are the only @NUM2 communications I @CAPS4 dad sends use a lot of emails to @CAPS4 soccer coach about how I am not going to be at a game or I am going to a game, and he always responds. It is very easy. @CAPS3 is a good way for kids to talk to one another because some might not have phones or you don't see them at all during the school day. It's a good way to communicate without @CAPS3 or email I don't know what would happen, but I knoe it would be bad. So you see how computers have positives or negatives getting lazy, not spending enough time with friends or family and talking to friends are all positive & negative conflicts of the computer."	5	4	9
1060	"Dear Local Newspaper, I am writing a letter to you to explain why I think computers are not good to have. My three supporting reasons are that if you are on the computer all the time there's a chance that you might gain weight and becom obese. You would rather be on the computer than to hang out with your family, and lastly you won't have any friends to talk to. Please read on to hear my story. First of all if your always on the computer your not going to get up and go outside for a little because it won't be important to you. Also your going to have to eat and when you get exited your going to want to eat more. Then you'll start getting overweight because you don't want to exercise. Secondly, you would spend less time with your family. You would think that your going to hang out with them later. So then you play more and get addicted. So then you and your family would grow apart. And you would be lonely because you gave up your family just so you can play a game on the computer. For my last reason on this matter is that you wont have friends. I think you won't have friends because if your on the computer all the time you wont even bother to go to the park to play or go to the gym, to try to get into sports then you won't meet anyone. The only friends that you would most likely have is friends on the computer. That you will never meet in real life and won't socialize to the about there life and to hang out with. In conclusion I think it is not a good idea to have a computer because you can become obese, you will spent less time with your family, and you won't have any friends to talk to. I hope you enjoyed this letter and take it into consideration."	4	4	8
1061	"More and more people use computers in fact about @PERCENT1 of @CAPS1.T has computers, everyone uses them. I think they are very good to have because you can use them for emailing, jobs, and schoolwork. This is why I think having a computer is a good things what do you think? As I was say computers are good for emailing, even I.ming. lets say you play baseball and you forgot what time your game is. You can just push that power button and tree to your coach asking what time you need to be at the feild. Also theres I.Ming, its wen you can talk to your friends online its a great way to comunicate and meet new people. Emailing is great, its so hi-tect you can email one of your family members who live thousand miles away from you. I once did that my aunt's lisa was in florida and i asked her to send me pictures of the water and the beaches and she did, they were eye catching. Next reason why computers are good to have is for jobs. In todays world everything is ran by computers for example each registers. A.T.M. and car are ran off of computers. So having it for a job is great. Lets your tells you to fax over a copy can do it the computer within a minute i know my dads job requires of he keeps it all to his witch on his desktop on his laptop. This is why most jobs have computers. Do you are one? Lastly, school was computers . For example my teacher on his computer atendence, homework and . If he didn't have that, he would be lost. Its also good for the kids too. Every week in social studies we have to look up the presidents and i use my laptop for that. Did you know is a program were you can look at your grades and missing assignments? It's call power school. Computers are great for school. I think every one should have one. So what do you think about them? Are they amazing or what? I think are very helpful because you can use them for emailing, working, and school work. If it wasn't for computers we would really know as much as we do now. About @PERCENT1 of @CAPS1.T have them. Computers are gonna help you through life alot, welcome to the real world."	5	4	9
1062	"Computers and the @CAPS1 have changed the way the world works today. From stocks to instant messaging (@CAPS2) people have based important decisions in their life based on what they have read. Although some people believe that computers are pulling people away from the beauty of nature, relatives, or exersize. I believe that @CAPS11 is only helping the world on a day today basis. One example is conversation, many people have close relatives that but over seas, cross country, or even across town. The @CAPS1 helps them speak to others that they normally couldn't have a conversation with. On several occasions, my family have planned trips together even though we live across the continent. What could have taken months by letters in the mail took as little as one hour to do over the @CAPS1. Another way to speak to friends or family is a website called @CAPS3. @CAPS3 is a website that allows you to speak to, @CAPS6 or send pictures to others. Other websites like this are @CAPS4 and @CAPS5 @PERCENT1 of people in @LOCATION1 have an account on one of these websites. One other way to speak to others, more for business reason, is @CAPS6. Multiple servers proud @CAPS6. such as @ORGANIZATION3, @ORGANIZATION2, or @CAPS8. ""@ORGANIZATION3 is my personal favorite' says @PERSON2 @CAPS9 of the @LOCATION2 @CAPS10 newspaper, ""@CAPS11 has helped me endlessly if need to contact someone on short notice."" That is one reason why I support the use of computers. Another reason I support the use of computers is because <@PERCENT1@NUM1> of all students rely on the @CAPS1 for research papers and other assignments. ""Even though I still use books,"" college student, @PERSON1 said.""The @CAPS1 is so much faster and the articles are more up to date. Search @CAPS13 are most popularly used, such as @ORGANIZATION1 or @CAPS14.com @NUM2, of all computer users with @CAPS1 access have @ORGANIZATION1 at some paint. Another handy program provided by all computer companies is @CAPS15 @CAPS16. This program is used from everything to research papers to. This program also has a spell check, a punctuation check, and a check for mistakes. The main reason I am writing this paper is because experts have been complain that people have been spending too much time on the computer and @CAPS11 has been distracting them from the important things in life. Such as friends, family, and nature. However, from the examples explained in this paper, I have shown that the @CAPS1 increases conversation and curiosity of how the world looks and operates. As for exersise, @CAPS11 is commonsense to spend as little as one hour working on personal fitness."	5	4	9
1063	"Did you know that more and more people these days are depending on computers for their safety, natural education, and their social life? In my opinion, the increasing use of computers is not benefiting society. Initially, ones safety while using a computer is at risk. To begin, when someone is talking to another on a computer, they @MONTH1 never know who is at the other end of it. For example, @CAPS1 a small girl was playing a game on the computer and a person began talking to her, it could be a predator. She will never know unless they meet us somewhere. At this point, it maybe too late. Moreover, studies show that @PERCENT1 of people's information is more widely exposed in the last @NUM1 years due to the new chat websites. Such as myspace and facebook. In these websites, people share their information. With this, their safety is at risk. Finally, people should stop using computers as much as they are now, in order to keep their safety safe. Furthermore, enjoying nature is a must, in our world full of immense landscapes, wide waters, dense forests, and lush valleys. @CAPS1 you depend on your computer to teach you about the world, you should cease this use. One must actually be outside, experiencing the feel, the smell, and even the taste of nature. A recent study shows that people who actually went to the grand canyon could write a @NUM1 page essay on what they had learned. The people who didn't go and simply read information off their computer, could not write this much. Finally, society needs to back away from their computers, and stop into. Thirdly, a person's social life could be ruined from the use of computers for many reasons. One reasons for this could be that a person spends all their time on their computer instead of spending time with their family and friends. Sure, you can chat with people online, but that's nothing like chatting in person. There is no need to talk to a friend or family member online, when you could do it in person. Finally, @CAPS1 someone takes an embarrasing picture of you and puts it on their computer, it is there forever. Thus, you can lose friends, whether you're the person in the picture or the addict who put the picture on. With this, you can easily ruin your family/social life by using your computer too often. How would you feel @CAPS1 it was your fault that someone's safety is at risk? Wouldn't you rather enjoy nature in person instead of which it on your computer and not get the fall effect? Couldn't you talk to your friends and family in person rather than ignore them to use your computer? There are numerous ways in which the increasing rate of computer use does not benefit society. I encourage you to agree with me that computers can put one safety at risk decrease their education of nature and ruin their social life."	5	5	10
1064	"Dear @ORGANIZATION3, In a pole conducted by the @ORGANIZATION2 (@CAPS1) @PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION1 people agreed that computers are a easier way to research than going to a library. Over the @DATE1 few years it has become a growing debate as to wheather computers are a benifit to socity or not. Today in america over @PERCENT2 @ORGANIZATION1 all people own a computer, according to the @ORGANIZATION1 are most definatly a benifit to today's socity for the reasons that it allows better and easier world comunications, makes text and information, more redily avalible to the public and allows the advancements in technology that are nessesary. Communication is a vital part @ORGANIZATION1 america and the world in this day and age. Communication is souly run by the commputer. @CAPS3 computers provide better and faster communication. They are also far more reliable. In the @DATE2's if you wanted to speech with some one who is far away you would have to send a letter. Along with sending a letter is the risks that it will not get there. it will be stolen in the mail and @ORGANIZATION1 course the time that it would take to ge there. All @CAPS3 are solved in todays email and instant messiging (@CAPS2), @CAPS3 are relible, cant be stolen, and can go across the globe in seconds. Computers are not only a way for communication but also one @ORGANIZATION1 the most prominate ways to research, @CAPS4 the internet people would need to go to the library and run the risk @ORGANIZATION1 the book not being there or the library being closed. Through the internet all the information @ORGANIZATION1 the world is available @NUM1./ Computers are also the former in todays technological advances. Computers allow us to have inventions that run there self so human operation is not nessisary. this same technology saves lives every day and alows us to create @ORGANIZATION3 better technology. As you can see computers are the greatest technology created in the @DATE1 and allows faster and more relible communication, is the greatest library the world has ever known, and allows for the creation @ORGANIZATION1 even more advanced technologies. Computers are an extreme benifit to socity and nessisary in this @ORGANIZATION3 era."	5	5	10
1065	"Now-a-days the technological industries are taking over the modern soceity and are captivating users making them virtually addicted. What good is that? These indulged in the online world are less interactive and showed more signs of depression in recent studies. Also if you are sitting around on the computer all day you aren't burning calories so you are gaining unnecessary weight that could easily be prevented. Going to the library is just as useful if not more useful than going on the internet. lastly, have you thought of the damaging affects, trojans, cyber bullying, violence? In other words, computers are just a negative waste of good money. Families are becoming less and less connected with each other, who's to blame. It's that big book of technology on your desk. Rather than socializing and just spending time with family and friends, computer addicts choose to sit on their butts talking and gaming away. They are teaching our family apart."" @CAPS1 one @LOCATION1 man on her two tennage children's computer obsession. ""I swear they're on that thing for hours on end"" she claims. In an artical I was reading the other day it said that most people who suffer depression admitted to being online for atleast @NUM1 hours per day. What does all of this go to show? Computers are abuse take them out of your child's life, or atleast limit them. Studies prove that @PERCENT1 of people who spend most of their day surfing the web have either over-weight or just on the boarderline of being over-wright. Rather than going into the real world and experiencing life for themselves, they look it up online and rely on other people's opinions. Does this mean anything to you? People who are overweight have a higher risk of aging, and if not, then they have some pretty health problems. All because they didn't want to breath like. When in a library environment people tend to be more and more on task. You @MONTH1 ask yourself the answer is simply that the is too expansive and distracting. If you are in the library you can't get in as much trouble, you can't play online games, or even be looking at things that are innappropriate. Libraries hae more credible sources and reliable information to study from. Not to mention you can go with a family, friend of even be tutored. Computers dont provide that. Going to the library is such a better solution. I must admit, I was before a computer addict, and believe me the effects it has on people are atracious. Now that I've moved on from that period of my life I can honestly say, the addictive grasp it has on you is strong I know. I also know first hand the rewards of being clean from this harmful drug per say. I am more sociable than ever and im dealing with issues much better. I am @NUM2 pounds and in the best shape of my life and I even made by school's cheer team. I often go to the library to study and I must say, im very proud of who I've become. I was spending around @NUM3 hours online and getting on sleep. If I can do it you can tool my name is @CAPS2 and im a computer addiction survivor."""	5	5	10
1066	"Technology has been growing and changing rapidly. Just look at apples new @CAPS1, a desent rized touch screen computer. Computers have been rapidly changing too. But I think that @CAPS2 need to cut down on the use of electronics. Being one the computer for a long time and large amount of time can damage your eyesight, give you arthrightus and takes time @CAPS5 of exersizing; one of the thing manhy @CAPS2 need to do. Many @CAPS2 have been spending has too long on the computer, although it can be very useful it can also be very damaging to your eyesight many people spent large amounts of time staring at the computer screen. If you stair at something for too long it can damage your eyesight and make it worse because your trying @CAPS5 your eye lens. Also the lighting from the computer is very hurtful to your eyes. The light coming on to your eyes is like staring at the sun but not quit as damaging. The sun will instatntly damage your eyes while overtime a computer slowly damges your eyesight. If your eyesight is already damaged a computer will worsen it. The more time spent on a computer the more you damage your vision. Since your eyes are already bad you might think ""well they can't get any worse."" @CAPS5 the truth is they can not only is the light and the amount of time spent during a being onthe computer damaging to people with @NUM1 vision but even more damaging to people without. can be genetic or common to people who constently their knuckles. It can also be common to people who spend exeessive amount of time on the computer. AIM is very popular to people of all ages. Its a way to instantly gossip or chat with freinds. But it takes alot of typing. Typing to long or to much can cause your fingers to lock up and it harder for your bones to move over your joints without pain. if this constenity happens to you you could be a canidat for arthrightus. No letting your fingers take a break can also be one of the reasons your fingers hurt, if you never let them take a break they can also lock up and it can be very painful. You should spend less time on the computer if you don't want artrightus. Because of all this new technology less @CAPS2 go outside and play or hit the gym and exersize. That @MONTH1 be way many @CAPS2 are over weight. Being on the computer for to long takes away time you could use to exersize or get some fresh air."	4	5	9
1067	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, The use of advanced computers have increased. You don't see kids outside as often. On the news, you hear about obesity. And you hear the crime rates go up. This does not benefit the socierty. Computers has a negative effect on people. Does your neighborhood seem to be locking children? It's not because their dead! They are now always inside on their computer. I know a thirteen year old named @ORGANIZATION1. She even admits that being on a computer is better than being outside with friends. Meeting people over technology, especially for miners, is a huge risk. You don't know the person. Soon, you would have no friends when it comes to being in the social life. You'd be the outsider. For @PERSON3, her family doesn't even know who she is anymore. Do you want your child to be the outsider? Being on a computer all the time is like being at a fastfood restaurant. You don't exercise, all you do is eat andt talk, but now all you do is eat and on the computer. I have met a obese child. @PERSON2. He weighs three-hundred pounds at the age fourteen. An eight grader, can you believe that? He tells me he has his laptop on his lap, surrounder by junk food. He never exercises or take a break. His report card is unbelievable. He used to be A @CAPS3 student. Now he's in a dump. @PERSON2 does not listen to his mom at all. @PERSON1, @ORGANIZATION2's, mom says ""he locks himself in his room, goes straight to his laptop, and starts eating. You can even hear him munching the junkfood."" And we wonder why our kids are getting obese there days. It used to be about jobs, but now it's about who you meet on a computer. Myspace, facebook, twitter, you name it, is how the crime rates are increasing now. The people behind these pictures and profiles @MONTH1 not be who you think they are. Especially, miners who lie about their age. They're the ones who fall for those perverted old men. That is one way our sex offenders get a way around. They can use someone's name and be underover. They tell these young girls to meet them places and that's how our young girls, and boys, gets kidnapped, rapped, and end-up killed. A computer holds millions of ways criminals can commit a crime. Do you want your child to be next? Computers these days, are used in the wrong ways, by the wrong people. Kids are never outside again. They are getting obese. And it's a way they get kidnapped. Don't allow this. Get your child(ren) away from their laptops now! Go on a family vacation, somewhere fun. And don't let these sick-minded people get to you or your kids. Take action now!"	5	5	10
1068	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I have been informed that recently, people are questioning the use of computers. Some say computers have negative effects on people when using them but I for one disagree with that statement. I believe that computers in today's society have created an atmosphere of learning, communication, and an ideal amount of creative fun. Computers are changing the way everyday people live. This technology is the basis of our future, and our future has evolved around our computers. People learn so they can become better at things, be aware of what is going on, and to gain the knowledge that possibly help mem succed in life. Computers gona access to information that people want to know whether it is to learn how it dance using youtube.com, to learn about a possible vacation spot your family might visit, or to research a topic for a school paper: computers have it all. It sits right at home so there is no need to drive to the library and wait for a book with the right researching skills, almost anybody can find the exact information they are looking for. Computers contribute to people who want to learn. Being a popular used computer have beenimportant to make them the best. Whether that means faster internet better, researching book or more websites, a computer has it all. Back before the telephones was invented, people struggled to have a reliable source of communications with where communication is important because it is the main source of communicating. Through the computer, @CAPS1, @CAPS2, and emails are easy and guarenteed ways to talk to everybody. With just a simple click of a mouse a person can talk to their bestfriend as if they were right next to them. Communication plays an important role for a civilization or society. It makes life so much easier without creating a place where people become lazy. Talking to people by using the computer has become easier and more dependable than ever. People can email their teachers if they have a question for homework, people can check there grades online, and people can talk to their friends and family all they want whenever they want. So we people say that the computer. If a sibling is away at college, their @CAPS3, when a family is to gether, they could since new things are discovered through the computer everyday. can come to a person in multiple ways. A computer can emphazize the fun is never a bad thing. Computers offer video games, learning games, and that bring creativity to. This technology gets people every to have an open mind with everything. It allows them to have fun but at the same time learn something about the world or even themselves. Sometimes computers can inspire people to do something like start a group to make the environment better or go running around ther block. Even though the actual computer is inside the fun and creativity can be whenever a person wants it to be. Computers expand a person's knowledge, allow one to communicate, and create a whole new word of fun. Researching topics can be easily accessed through a computer. Communicating with others makes life easier and having fun while inspiring people everywhere makes computers have a total positive effect on people. It creates a new atmosphere of enjoyment of different things. Computers effect people in the greatest way and I don't know why some people doubt its magnificent ways of indudging people in the environment."	5	5	10
1069	"Dear newspaper and readers of @LOCATION1, I am @PERSON1, a student from @ORGANIZATION1, I have recently been enformed about the argument over computer use and I feel it is silly. We need computers in life to help us do jobs, communicate with family or friends traveling the world, and for research on homework. First of all, without computers many people would struggle. My father uses a computer for his job and he couldn't do his job without one. Sure, many people spend way to much time on their computer, but other people use it to save information or find research. I know people argue that computers should be used less, but could you get through a week without using one computer? Most people couldn't, especially if you own a buisness. In addition, from using computers for jobs, some people like to chat online with a friend that move away. Imagine if your family member or friend traveled constantly and they went to places where they couldn't get connection on their cell phone, the only way to talk to them is chating through the web. I'm sure everyone has used a computer once to talk to a friend or for something related to buisness, so they are more useful than people relize. Lastly, as a kid we need to be able to use a computer, not just to talk to friends but for homework. Some homework requires us to make powerpoints, write a paper on historical facts, and we need computers to do so. Without computers, kids wouldn't be able to gather facts or information to write a paper. Decreasing computer use for kids can potentialy bring down their grades. My teacher always says, ""grades are the most imfortant thing."" I'm sure all parents would agree with that. All in all, we can't decrease the use of computers because it can do damage to peoples lives. Think about people who travel alot, kids with work that needs to be done, and parents with jobs that they need computers for, don't upset all of these people by decreasing computer time. Thank you for your time,"	5	4	9
1070	"To whom it @MONTH1 concern, The @NUM1's ware the beginning of a new age, computers had just come out and were mezmericing people with its intelet. But now more and more people think it’s a waste of time. I for do want think this within these lives you will see my opinion take shape for the following reasons it's an information high lets artists expand their craft and engenirs are now able to plan buildings and bridges on their @CAPS1 to the internet student's and people are of knowledge each day the internet is essenicial to people writting an essay in fact the super intendent of schools in @LOCATION1 has stated that over @PERCENT1 of students will use the internet to help them write an essay. We also don't have to go to the library any were to do research because we have a whole library of information at our house (the computer) another thing is that people are now able to communicate all over the world which will allow us to learn about other staight from the source. Artists are now able to do things were now a new art form of video games has out artists do you like to express yourself do! Music mixing has became my and it is over the will sometimes add additional and lapse other tracks it they don't have to use a typing machine any just jump on the computer type a keyboard. You can use spell check and edit undo instead of having to throw away idea that you didn't like. Artists have been by computers, And lastly are how able to plan out how a building or bridge might look, (which also with the video game making) @CAPS2 can make the house of their when you plan buildings and bridges on computer you can which makes them stronger, before you even start building them with the new soft ware available today how certain structural under natural disasters so they can pick the has the abillity of becoming have way. I hope you can see using way eyes and agree that computers are thely an amazing they that lets got information also help"	5	5	10
1071	"Computers have gotten more advanced over time. They have even gotten smaller and smaller, and yet people still don't understand the dangers that computers have on society and their personal life such as; stress, addiction, and cyberbulling. I am here to write about how computers are a nuisense in our lives. First and for most, computers are one of the laeding causes of stress in daily life. About four out of every ten people that are stressed are stressed out because of their computers. For example, if you were writing an important document or sending an email to your boss about work and your computer suddenly crashes, would you be upset? Would you feel like you want to rip your hair out and throw that computer out the window? I'm pretty sure that you would because your data is lost, you will have to restart your computer and, worst case senerio, take your computer to the electronic store to get it fixed. Another cause of stress is if someone hacks your computer by uploading a virus. Hacking was @CAPS1 become a world wide sport. There are books and instructions on how to hack a computer and the government can't do much about that since the first amendment gives you the write to publish what you (freedom of speech and press). Just look what happened in @LOCATION1. A computer hacker hacks a computer and shut of power to an entire city for about @NUM1 days. Also if someone upload a virus into your they can take all of your personal information, like your social security number. These two factors will cause major stress in you daily life. Secondly, people spend too much time on the computer at home. A recent survey shows that six out of every ten teenagers spend more that two hours on the computer. This make them less social meaning they won't spend time with friends, family, or even try out for sports. They won't get the recommended one hour of exercise a day."	4	4	8
1072	"@ORGANIZATION1, my name is @PERSON1 and i just want to tell you that we should stop using computers because we get no exercise, we barely go outside and we don't even or talks to our friends or family any more. Local newspaper i think that we should have computer but not because many people aren't doing anything. Many people aren't exercising because their taking on facebook or playing games. Many children aren't even going outside and seeing nature and playing. Many families are all on computers and they are not spending any family time together gofly kites. What im saying is that yeah people like computers and go and talk to there friends and play games but its destroying the parents and and even families. i don't think have computers. Also local newspaper we need to go and the @DATE1 and go doesn't happen. many children go they're on the computer. many parents go hiking, camping, swimming and lots of other stuff but they that anymore. These people need to get a change. What im talking you guys is take the computer away or. One last thing local newspaper is that many kids and children and parents need to have more time. Maybe if and parents weren't all they they would pick that might be sick or ill. Maybe they might go out somewhere to have two together like lake or six flags. many parents that they get computer because it's so fun so they. Many people world complain about it. So i think everybody should be off computers. i think we shouldn't have computer society because you get no exercise, you barely go outside and see nature and you hang out or talk with friends and family so i think computers gone now."	4	4	8
1073	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 personal opinion on computer technology is that it is extreamly bad for you, and we need to take percaution, and worry about eye protection vertual harrasment, and that there are dangerouse people on the @CAPS2. Eye protection is important. Although computers are hurting them by, the screen being too bright and hurting your eyes. Also if you look for too long it could make them tierd. I can tell you from personal experence that glasses are un-cool and some people get picked on for it and that could happen if your eyes get hurt so you can see as well as you did befor. It's glasses or even going blind. Vertual harrasment is another thing to be aware of. Over the @CAPS2 you could be cyber bullyed by kids you @MONTH1 or @MONTH1 not know. For example, one day you could be on @CAPS3 and be talking on a chat room and kids could make sexual, homophobic, or even just plain remakes. Witch brings me to the, sexual harrasment. Sexual harrasment if extreamly can make people feel usually bad selfs. Kids take pride in calling others bad names regarding there rase, there gender, or even the gender they like. So take extra percaution when seeing sexual harrasment. Sexual preditors are a parents biggest fear to kids. Sexual preditors are everyware, @CAPS4, @CAPS5, @CAPS3, or even your neibors and wile kids are running around town looking and acting the way they do there extreamly un-safe. This is why you @CAPS7 put any personal information on the @CAPS2 not your adress, not your birthday, not your cell or house numbers, nothing not even your town. Also sometimes its a little dangerous to put your last name. So be very carful on the intrenet. When you see sexual harrasment, or someone being followed by a sexual preditor report them! and be safe."	4	4	8
1074	"Dear Local Newspaper, The effects computers have an people are not good. They can cause many problems in your life. When your on a computer, are you running? No, your just sitting there; using the computer involves very little movement. You need to be jumping around, dancing, walking with your friends, something! You can gain a lot of weight by sitting down and using the computer all day. Another problem that computers give you is being non social. You can get addicted to a game or something like facebook/@CAPS1 and be on there all the time. You wont talk to your friends as much at school or hang out with them because all you want to do is go on the computer. You are always thinking about just that and no other things in life. Computers can also be very dangerous. If you are on something where you are talking to people you don't know, they can find out things about you and can do to you. It's not at all to talk to people you don't know online. These are or the many problems computers cause. Trust me, I got addicted to a game before."	4	4	8
1075	"Computers have caused many people money, friends and time. In fact, since that the computers came out this year, lots of people has been spending web to much time of them. Which can cause people to loose time and friends. Computers and technology today have had a very influence on very many people. Spending too much time on computers can cause to loose time and money. For example, my oldest brother was very large at the age of @NUM1 or @NUM2 because our computer started working, but this had a positive impact on him, he started participating in sports such as basketball and lacrosse and that he was very at them and followed lacrosse through highschool. While doing this he and saves my parents money. This is @CAPS1 reason how computers have had a negative effect on people. The new technology has caused people to loose lots of time when they could be doing other things that would them in life. For example, many people in the @LOCATION1 have half of their day to computers, and not getting the exercise of this are video games of the day on computers. This is @CAPS1 affect that computers can have on people is loosing or with friends. For example, I used to be friends a person, but then he did not talk to me for almost the entire @DATE1 because he was always on the computer, which made me think that he did not want to be friends but actually he just deleted almost all of the the @DATE1 to the computer. Since this helped I have been over to his house about @NUM3 times this year as to every @DATE2. This is @CAPS1 way computers can change your life. The time has come to decide whether to have a computer or not to have in computers. In my mind I that it would be best for everyone if we did not have the on computers, but if you do that we should have the an computers than put a certain time wait on computers. In your so you and your family members don't loose time, exercise time, or friends. Overall, I think that it would be best for everyone if we had a time on computers to the whole day on them."	5	5	10
1076	"Dear @CAPS1, I think that computers affect our country in a positive way. Three reasons why I think so are comunication, @CAPS2, entertainment and, @CAPS3. One of my favorite things to do is talk and when on of my best friends moved away and I lost his phone number I thought we had no way of doing it. One day he requested me on facebook and from there on we have been comunicating on web sites like facebook, myspace and, skype. My second reason why computer's benifit our society is @CAPS2. At my dad's house I do not have a television so I rely on the internet to keep me informed on what is going on in the world. A website called @CAPS4.com was the frist to anounce @PERSON1's death befor anyone even suspected it. Stories like that often break rest on the internet. The third reason why computers benefit our society is entertainment. You can watch videos, play games, listen to music, comunicate with friends. The last reason why computers benefit our society is @CAPS3. Many @CAPS3 in our comunity require computer skills such as a acountant, a manager, software designner, and a computer programer. The computer make @CAPS3 and more eficient by correcting mistakes, providing a visual and typeing. These are the reasons why computers affect our community in a positive way."	4	4	8
1077	"Dear @CAPS1, In many ways computers are helpful but, I don't support the use of them. The advance in technology has really taken away from peoples lives all over the world, some examples of this are lack of exercise, too much time inside, and not enough time spent with family and friends. Continue reading for more on as towny computers do'nt benefit society. As you know, when you use a computer you usually sit in a chair to do so, correct? Well, this activity is doing only one thing, not keeping you healthy or inshape. I'm sure that you want to be healthy, and to be healthy you must get some sort of exercise through out your day, and sitting on thje computer is not helping you one bit. So as you can clearly see, so far using computers is not beneficial to our society, continue for more cons of using computers as much as they are used. Believe it or not, using a computers is unhealthy, and not beneficial, in more than one way. The reason for this is because, not only oo you not get enough exercise, you won't go outside as much. you @MONTH1 be wondering as to why not outside is unhealthy, but it is because you dont recieve the needed amount of fresh air that you need to not be sick. Could you imagine the amount of people that would be sick if everyone used the computer for the majority at their day? Well, lets just it wouldn't be fun to count them all. Now that you know two ways that computers are not beneficial to society.Keep reading for one rest way. As you probably knows, it is a hard task to keep a big family close to each other, and using computers is'nt going to anything to help you. So, why use them? Trust me, spending quality time with your family and friends can be just as much, or even more fun than playing your favorite computer games, and in my opinion your family should be the most valuable thing in your life, so don't lose them for a computer. Now that you have finished reading. i would like to thank you for your time reading this letter concerning, lack of exercise, too much time inside, and not enough time with family, is not beneficial to society."	5	4	9
1078	"Newspaper and Readers, Computers are a very large part of our lives and society. However, there are still people who think that computers do harm. Actually there are many positive effects that computers have on people. Among those effects are ease of communication, ease of gathering information, and ease of find entertainment. Computers have far more positive than negative effects. Computers have made communication easy for people. There are so many different means of communication using the computer, which are all free. For example, instant messaging, @CAPS1-mail video chat, chat rooms, @CAPS2 (and other social networking sites), are all there and help you communicate with friends and family. The positive effect that this has on people is that it allows them to stay in touch with people whom they might not otherwise due to financial or convienency issues. Being social is heathy for people and therefore communication is a positive effect of computers. Information is far easier to aquire when a computer is used. For example, if a kid needed to know about the climate of the @CAPS3 @CAPS4.S for his social studies project, instead of having to get in his moms, drive all the way to the town library, spent time looking for the book, he could just log on to @ORGANIZATION1 and go from there. This is a positive effect on him because it saves him some time and effort. Furthermore much more useful information can be found on the internet as well, such as: flight times, prices, restaraunts, stocks, weather, news, and basically any fact that you need to know. All at these things make having a computer a very positive thing in somebodys life. Computers are a great source of entertainment. In this economy, I know we all could benefit from not having to pay rental fees for movies and big prices for your exams or playstation games. Internet gaming is very amusing and you can find many good games for free. In addition to that, there are websites who offer free movies and television shows to be streamed right to your computer. These things are a great solution to the rising lost of entertainment. Saving money and enjoying good entertainment are both positive effects on people, and both offered by computers. I hope now that readers of this newspaper will now understand how good computers are next time you are for king for a late fee on a libary book or movie, remember that the internet and your computer have offered an alternative."	5	5	10
1079	"Dear local newspaper, I am writing to you today about how more and more people are using computers. I think that this is great. The reasons why I think so is because it teaches hand-eye coordination, it gives people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, and it also allows people to talk online with other people. Keep reading to find out more. The first reason why I think that more and more people are using computers is because it teaches people better hand-eye coordination, for example, there could be a program for the computer that teaches you to type with your hands and not just your index fingers. You then can learn how to do all this without even looking at the keyboard. Keep reading for more information. The second reason why I think that more and more people are using computers is because it gives people the ability to learn about faraway places and people. For example, if you have a project for school and you are doing research on another country, you could use your computer to get more information about their religions or just the whole country in general. You can also use the computer to look up different kinds of people. You can look up people like @PERSON1 from @DATE1's to @PERSON2 who is our presiden now. Keep reading for more information. The last reason why I think that more and more people are using computers is because it allows people to talk online with other people. For example, you could set up and account on facebook, myspace, @CAPS1, or @CAPS2 and start talking to people. You could get to know some kids who live in you neighborhood that you never even knew. Keep reading to find out more. Lastly, I think that more and more people are using computers is agreat thing. They can learn hand-eye coordination, have the ability to learn about faraway places and people, and have the opportunity to talk to other people online. I talked to the people who have just started to use computers and @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people said that they had liked what they had seen. So, I want you to go out there and get a computer and see what you think about it. Thank you."	4	4	8
1080	"Dear Local Newspaper, I am awair that more people use computers everyday. I think that computers does have a positive effect on adults and their children. Computes help us by giving information about things in othe contries, states, and towns. It also can help children with school homework. Last thing is that it helps you communicate with friends and family members that live to far of a distance where you cant see them. Computers gives information about the latest and most recient things that happen in other towns contries, and states. If you needed to find out something that happened about @NUM1 years ago or more you wouldn'@CAPS1 see it on @CAPS1.V., you would be able to find it on the internet. Without the internet you wouldn'@CAPS1 find the things you was looking for. Another thing that computers is very useful for is helping kids with homework and school work. If your work is typed then your work is neater and more understandable. I can understand why some parents wouldnt want their kids on the computer doing homework. They might start doing something else or get answers for something they can do without the computer. But using the computer with homework and school work will make it where you can make sure your work is correct. Last, computers can help you correct with friends and family members. If you have friends and family that you want to reconnect with the computer can help you find information about where they are located. That @MONTH1 not be good for people who are trying to stalk or abuse someone. But in other cases like be unite with family can be very helpful. This can make families keep in touch and friend close. What are some of your feelings about computers. Some people @MONTH1 dislike them but they have good reasons why. More family time can be but I think you can make time for the computer and other things like family time and exercising. Well my time is up here. Hope you liked what I said here and you'll have a passion for computers."	5	4	9
1081	"Dear local Newspaper, @CAPS1 the years computers has been a great invention. It helped people learn more information, communicate with people, and @CAPS6 invent more technology. This is a positive effect for our country. let me excplain. Computers is a positive affect for our country because it helps us find information for school and for location were to go. The computer helps me find information for my science project faster than going to the library and looking up information on a book."" @CAPS2 @PERSON1 in @NUM1 grade. In case we get lost on the roads the computer can @CAPS6 us get to out location. Another reason why computers is a positive affect to our country is because it can @CAPS6 us communicate with our friends and family.""@CAPS3 I cant contact my mom I email her on my computer."" @CAPS2 @PERSON2. Also most of kids parents can contact their teacher and email them to see how they are doing. The last reason why computers is a positive affect to our country is because it can @CAPS6 us invent diffrent things. Scientist can easily invent more kinds of technology by using the computers."" The computer has helped us first make a model of our invention then we start making the details."" @CAPS4 @CAPS5. @CAPS1 the years computers helped us with almost everything. Conclusion the computer @CAPS6 us with our search for information, @CAPS6 contact people, and @CAPS6 make new inventions. This has also helped us in wars. We should let the computers be in the @LOCATION1"	4	4	8
1082	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3, walking into a room seeing people interacting with their computer screen I earning new and exciting, information they can everyday. The question is what effects do computers have on people? I certainly think computers have a positive effect on people. They teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and peapre, and even allow people to talk online with others. Computers can definetly have a positive on soriety. Computers have tought a very valueable to every user; hand-eye coordination! Whetver it's clicking a link to a site that you found on @ORGANIZATION2, or playing the matching same of bejeweled, you are learing hand-eye coordination. A cording to recent studies, over @PERCENT1 of people interviewed said they had excellent hand-eye coordination and @PERCENT2 said it was on the computer. Sure we all need to get exercise outside, but the computer can be helpful as long as we don't let it overwelm us. Smart people would agree that coordination is a very helpful skill. These brilliant inventions also helps us learn a bout different places and people. Picture this scenario if you will; A student at @ORGANIZATION1 has to do a project on the @CAPS4 @CAPS5 in the @LOCATION1. He goes to the library to check out the encyclopedias but... they are out of date. He then goes to the computer lab and finds it on @ORGANIZATION2 like that! This scenario shows that the computer is one of the fastect ways to get information on any subject or topic. Certainly text sources can give the same accurate information, but the computer is fast and easy. When you need information on the line. But why stop there? not only can you get information on certain people and places on these machines, you can also learn what's the newest fads, what's carrently happening in @LOCATION2, and the latest @CAPS6 gossip. The computer is definetly a easy sources for information on different areas and people. This amazing device can also let you talk to people online! There are many ways to do this. You can use the old-fashioned @CAPS7-mail, you can use a device in the @CAPS8 called someone. You of course need a @CAPS9 to do thank one. I remenber a time when I was bored so I decided to do my homework. The problem was I forgot what it was! I quickly grabbed the phone and called my class mate but he didn't answer. I then sprinted to my computer and to see if he was online. Sure enough he was! I got the home work and got an A all thanks to the computers ability to interact with others."	6	6	12
1083	"Dear local Newspaper, @CAPS1 would you like to be warmly greted by the zingbobway tabe @ORGANIZATION1 @LOCATION2, say hi to a far away family memorr again or maybe quicker your relfexes? Well you can! Computers are a use ful way @ORGANIZATION1 complexing an @ORGANIZATION1 these tasks. Imagine your family member or friend fighting in the war miles away. Wouldn't you want to see them at least once? Computers allow you to interact with them with webcams. You can see them and talk with them. Not only can you talk with family, you can talk to friends. You can make new friends from around the world without leaving your house. You can have a new best friend every day! Not only can you talk to people on computers, they give you better hand eye coordination, and they quicken your raflexes. Dr. @PERSON1, @ORGANIZATION1,. says ""@CAPS2 have shown that people who type or use a computer have better reflexes than those who don't."" @CAPS3 a computer around is easier for school also I remember one time, I had to write a @NUM1 page paper for @CAPS4 and it was due the next day. I wrote the beginning @ORGANIZATION1 it and my hand started to cramp up. I had in finnish my paper soon so I ran to my computer and typed it in half the time I would've spent writing it. I also got a good hand-eye coordination . Not only do you type on it, you learn on it. @NUM2 out @ORGANIZATION1 @NUM3 computers are used for learning about place and people. Say you just won @NUM1 free tickets to go anywhere in the world with a celebrity at your choosing! With a computer you could research anywhere you want and make that trip the best days @ORGANIZATION1 your life. And even if you don't like actually going to other places, you can virtually go there on a computer. With computers you can see the @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @ORGANIZATION1 @LOCATION1, the tropical reef fish @ORGANIZATION1 or the @ORGANIZATION2 at the. Computers hold the world at your finger lips. So as you can see computers have a positive effect on people. Computers allow people to interact with cites, increase your hand-eye coordination, and allow you to have the world at your fingertips. So stop reading and use a computer!"	4	5	9
1084	"@ORGANIZATION1, I am writing this letter to inform you about the Use of computers. Computers can be fun and interesting, But, people are spending to much time on the computer. @CAPS3 opinion is you should spend time interacting with people in your society, your family, and friends. I also think that @CAPS2 is easy to get addicted to the computer, I should @CAPS1 I was a person that spent @CAPS3 time @NUM1 on the computer and @CAPS2 wasn't good. You should be safe on the computer because now and days @CAPS2's dangerous @CAPS2 is appalling that people spend More time on the computer than with ther own Family. Don't you agree? Well you shoud, your society, family, and friend should be the most important thing to you. You shouldn't be spending your whole day on the computer, you should be interacting with the people around you. Now and days you will see plenty of people on the computer and not spending time with there family. That shouldn't be going on. Although the computer is fun and interesting you will have people around you the wisher to spend time with you. You should think about this because this is happening to much in the world. @PERCENT1 of the people in @CAPS3 school say their addicted to the computer, and @PERCENT2 of the people in @CAPS3 community say their addicted to the computer too. Those are very high numbers don't you think? This is terrible and should stop going on. The computer is like a drug, you can get on the computer one time, then your just going to want to stay on ti everyday all day. The first time you get on the computer you will be addicted to @CAPS2 right away. I'm not saying you should never get on the computer, but be sure you won't get too addicted to @CAPS2 because @CAPS2 can happen very easily. @CAPS3 mother always sayed "be safe on the computer". At first I didn't really @CAPS1 what she meant, but now I @CAPS1. What ever you do on the computer will stay their and be saved no matter how you try to delete @CAPS2. So, you should be safe and don't put any thing on the computer if you would want anyone else to see @CAPS2. Anyone can see what you put so you should be safe. Kids are meeting people they don't @CAPS1 and try to meet them. So you should watch out because the computer is the only place @CAPS7 you can lie. Now you should understand @CAPS7 im coming from. You should now agree with me and under stand that people should spend more time you don't get addicted and be safe."	4	4	8
1085	"Dear @CAPS1 post, Computers have been here for a while now and taking them away would be like forgetting all the progress we made in technology. Computers are everywhere in fact, seven out of ten families on my street own atleast one computer in their household. So why would we want to take them away? Computers are too useful. Computers are not only fun, but very resourceful. Anybody with a question faild easily hop on a computer, research it on google.com and find what they were looking for within minutes. I remember when I had a cut on my arm that looked weird, my mom was to heal a wound. She researched it and got how to the mark go away. The computer only benefits you in a way. Is most likely them youll be staying at in two weeks and realize they don't have a pool! Lastey, without computers we would have no communication with new or different people. Computers are great for communicating. People are able to comunicate through twitter, @CAPS2, and even youtube. The sites all help people make new friends online almost like pen pals on the internet. Also, if the majority of your family lived in @LOCATION1 and you were stuck in @CAPS3, you could easily talk to them through email or an instant messanger. Hopefully now you have a better understanding of how much of a lifesaver the computer is. Maybe you could even make next @STATE1 about how resourceful, beneficial and social computers are!"	4	4	8
1086	"Dear newspaper, Technology is a very useful thing But is also a bad thing, it makes people lazy on . A computer is a multi-use tool. Along with this people cango on any website . Anything, as in research or personal reasons. First off, let me point out that computers are useful multi-purpose tools. Computers can also, @CAPS1 people slugish bor lazy. i feel this way because, to many people sit infront of computer instead of getting up & being active. Being acive gad and important for people. A lot of people are not active because they on the computer harms on end. Students sometimes go home and strayht oor tug computer instead of doing homework. Moreover, computers can help you pay bills. Do research, or maybe just for fun play games. There is an ulimeted number of websites & to cp on through to hep you with many of needs. Uploading family pictures from your last vacation? its simple with most computer soft . Finally, computers is kind of like one . They can even become a blank just waiting for a pinest of insparation."	3	3	6
1087	"Are computers benefiting society? I believe that computers are actually not benifiting society. In this article I will explain how you will recieve less time exersising, less time with your family and friends, and less time enjoying nature just by being on you computers to much. If you are one of those people that love to be on the computer as much as you can? Well, think of it this way. You spend so much time on the computer that you recieve little or no exercise! Everyone needs to recieve a little bit of exercise in order to fit and healthy. Our country's obesity level has gone up since our high-tech computers have come out. I believe that this is one main reasons of obesity. This is a major concern in our high-tech, computer society today. Besides you recieving less exercise, you will also recieve less time with your family and friends. I understand with your family could talk to them on facebook but you need interaction by talking face to face. This is one of our basic needs as an individual. Your family is going to be by your side no matter what. But you need to build a strong relationship with your family in order for them to be there for you. This is only going to happen if you interact face to face with them. The same thing goes for friends. This is another nacessity for basic needs!!!! Everyone should have some relationship. Lastly, everyone needs to enjoy nature! It is a beautiful sight that everyone needs to expirence. Being trapped inside the house to be on your computer is a terrible thing to do. The beauties of nature are amanding everybody but @NUM1 of people don't take the opportunity to enjoy it. Being outside and enjoying yourself is a big thing for your body to survive. You need to sook up the powerful rays of the sun and have a life changing look around nature. But @CAPS1 of this will happen if you stay on your computer @NUM2. In conclusion, computers are not benifiting society. People recieve little or no exercise, interaction with friends of family, and a chance to enjoy nature. Everyone nedds to have these needs instead of fucusing all on the computer."	4	4	8
1088	"Hello my name is @PERSON1 @CAPS1 and I am going to enforce you that computers can benefit our society. First, @CAPS3 allows students to easily get good grades on projects and reports. Second, You can make online job applications. Lastly, computers allow people to chat with other people. Firstly, the computer allows your children who are also students to do better on their projects and reports. They help children's reports because for example they are doing a report on ""@CAPS2 lincon"" they have access to look up the peron to get information they need right at home. Doing reports with their computer there is no need to use up your projects you can also look up information and print out pichers to make your project more vibrant and eye-catching to younger people. Also @CAPS3 allows you to type your information to make @CAPS3 look orginzed and neet. Accordly, if you are trying to find some job applications without wasting your time, just look on the internets. This way you want go to place not knowing if jobs are available and seeing none. Also @CAPS3 save your to save the trip out there. You are able to look up the paying of the job and regulations, and you can find out if you get the job fastered. Lastly, @CAPS3 allows socializing. For example like facebook or/and myspace lets you talk to friends from school or friends you met online. For adult who don't have a myspace or facebook account they can use email, msn, aol, aim/aol instant messager, or via chat. This way adults can catch up on work and children can kee in touch with friends or/and family. This is why @CAPS3 think computer with internet benifit our society projects, reports, job appicatrone and spcializing with family and friends."	4	4	8
1089	"Dear @CAPS1, I have recently discovered that you are debating the computeres have on people. In my opinion I would think they have a neutral effect on people. In this day and age computers are used for many things. Research, communication act. maybe the reason young people so much time in the computure is because they have a lot of home work on the computer, ""@CAPS2 this"", ""@CAPS2 that"", people don't relize to pass we have to go on the computure. And for adults when you work with big companies you work with people all around the world. Instead of fixing to all these meetings you can simply do it over webcam. Yes, I see your concern that people spend too much time inside on their computure but what about people who love to read or play music, they could spend hours upon hours practicing or reading. What is the difference? And you never know maybe being on the computure for someone is lik a sport for another. Computoras are just about anywhere houses, schools and even crime & medical labs. Computure or a prime source of the data base, of @CAPS4, criminal records and so much more. With out computures how could catch the bad guy or catch the cancer before it's too late. Computure are key in many things. in the end you could go all day about the pros & cons of computures. But there so key in major aspects today, the pros out weigh the cons."	3	4	7
1090	"I agree with the computers helping people. To start with, computers have a possitive affect on us. They also give us the ability to learn. Also it allows people to talk online from far away places. So, yes, computers are good for people. First of all, computers do have a possitive affect. The computer @MONTH1 give some one motivation. Or it will help someone find their lost pet. Also it could help you get a job. Plus you can find a safe home with it. So, ya computers do have a possitive effect. You can also gain the ability to learn. This is by helping deth people with sites on sighn language. Also you can get information on places you will visit. This will help learn about diffrent contrays. Most importantly it will help kids an adults on school work or work. This concluds that you can learn things on the computers. The computer also allows you to talk with people far away. This will come in handy for familys. Also people who have hospitilized family. Plus fathers or moms in the military can talk with their kids. Most of all though is adopted kids could talk to their birth parents online. Here is another reason why computers are good. This is why I agree with computers. They have a possitive affect on people. They given us ability to learn! Lastly it allows you to talk to people you love that are far away. So, in conclution, it is a benifit for people to use the computers!"	4	4	8
1091	"A lot of people use computers in present day. It allows family and friends to interact with eachother, research places and ideas, and lets you type a document to look neat. On the other hand, computer technology, prevents people from being active, exploring nature, and talking to family and friends in person. I want to explain to you how I feel about computers personally. I can honestly tell you that I love computers. I spend a lot of time on @CAPS3, because it lets me talk to friends I sometimes don't get to see. I can even see how my cousin in @LOCATION1 is doing. Computers also help me out with homework. For projects on a subject that I don't totally understand, I can just hop on my laptop, search what I need, and @CAPS1!, I have my information. Then after that I can type up my report and even pick out a couple of pictures to print out, see? Computer are bangin! But I can understand the other side of the issue. Computers can be time consuming. I can admit that I've spent hours at a time on the computer. This has become a problem. Experts say that people are starting to spend to much time on the computer and less time in the real world. A perfect example is my brother. He loves the @CAPS2. My mom will call him down for dinner and he'll be too engrossed in what he's doing that he will skip the meal. His friends will call him and he'll blow them off until he finishes his game. I agree that people should not spend so much time on computer. You have probably read this and thought to yourself. Well? How does she feel about it? I can honestly say, I was supposed to choose one. But here's the thing. I like my laptop. I'm addicted to @CAPS3, But, I still play sports, I talk to my family, and I even like to take walks through the words or on the beach. I neutral, like @CAPS4 from @CAPS5. Scientist say computers have positive effect on people. Some experts say they're concerned computers have a negative effect on people. @PERSON1 says they are both right. Computers are wonderful. They are one of the most growing technologies in our world. But we don't need to spend @CAPS6 of our time on them. I hope you understand my point on this issue."	4	5	9
1092	"Dear reader, @CAPS1, people have been debating whether or not computers are actually benefiting society, especially now that the majority of @CAPS2 now own one of these helpful machines. Computers help people with everyday tasks and are no doubt doing more good than harm. Imagine how impossible it would be for most people to do their jobs without them life would become much harder for the people living on this planet. Think of the successful schools in our country, and then think of which of those schools don't have computers. Computers are the easiest way to look up information, something important when children are learning. Whenever someone needs to know something, they just google it. This comes in handy when researching for that huge project due next week. People have never been so knowledgable. Computers are only important for school, but also in the work place. They serve almost the same environments. Now that computers are so common, people can conveniently type up a paper and submit it to their boss or teacher. It saves time and effort with a more professional result. Computers also serve the important purpose of communication using email or instant messaging, one could communicate with someone on the other side of the world without that enormous phonebill.Some @MONTH1 see this as dangerous because you could be chatting with a complete stranger. However, it is also opening your eyes to new cultures. Now it's possible to learn about life in @LOCATION1 first hand. If computers were no more, it would be extremely hard for a regular person to interact with someone from another country. It's almost like isolation from the world. There are many out there who take great interest in learning other languages. Better ways exist than sitting in a classroom listening to someone talk. As a person on this planet, do you really want to be kept separate from others just because they don't live close enough? A main concern about computers is that no one will want to read books and anything else. However, a recent study shows that after computers came out, more people have begun to read. This proves that just because there is now something fun and new, it doesn't mean everything else is trash. People will still continue to do things they always did, just with something new on their list. In addition, it is the option of everyone w/ other or not they want to spent their time on the computer. If someone doesn't like the idea, they've no right to take it away from someone else computers were created to help the human race not control it. If a person doesn't want one, they don't have to get one, everything is up to them, and that is the way it should remain. The next time you see a computer, don't think of it as some sort of obsession that's keeping people from doing other thinkgs they could be. But as a universal device that allows them to broaden their horizons and learn things they probably wouldn't go to the library to look for comuputers aren't holding anyone back, but pushing everyone forward, whether at work, school, or even the house, they benefit everyone, everywhere."	6	5	11
1093	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 you want our society to becaome one of obese, lazy with no appreciation for family or friends? @CAPS2 you want people to lock a respect for nature? This is the result of excessive of computer usage our society will become lazy, and dependent upon robot slaves and loose, brain washed. People will not be caring for family or friends. Most importantly, our society will have no appreciacion or respect for mother nature. Is this the way you wish our world to be? Have you ever read @CAPS3 @NUM1? In the book, the government uses technology to brainwash people and then manipulate them. If our society, like the one in the book, becomes over dependent on computers and technology, then we will collapse from the inside going from a respected world power, to a third world country in. We will need to redesign buildings to have doors big enough for our bodies to fit through. We will not be a respected nation anymore. There will be charities in other countries to send money to build gyms and pools, but nobody will use they. Recent research from @ORGANIZATION1 says that @PERCENT1 of people who spend more than an hour and a half on their computer every day are over @NUM2 pounds. People won't remember how to talk. Babies will learn to type instead of talking or walking. Is this good for our country? People say that the best thing you could ever have is a supportive family and a group of good friends. According to @PERSON1, a well known psychologist, ""People who have more friends have a @PERCENT2 reduced risk of depression."" Friends actually affect you health. People who use the computer too much lose friends and became separated from their families. The mental health effects from this can be horrible, and people sadly will miss out on all the positive parts of life. It's important that people are happy, but if you onlr communicate through e-mail and social networking sites, you aren't social enbough. It is one thing to chat online, but it is better to be able to see someone face to face than a picture on screen. Nobody wants to end up like this, so limit oyur computer usage. With too much computer usage comes a lack of respect for nature, People used to care nature for many reasons, but the biggest is that it affects us everyday, in everything we @CAPS2 and own. Everything has a base in nature, even ourselves. The weather outside even on a beautiful @DATE1 day, can be deadly if we don't pay attention to what is going on outside of our safe house. We depend on nature but if we don't respect her, she will kill us. Anything is good in moderation, even a computer. But when we don't limit ourselves, it has bad consequences. We will no longer have a respected society. Our family and friends will dissapear, causing health problems. Worst of all, we will lose all expectation and respect for mother nature. The time to start limiting computer usage is now, or we will have many great problems."	5	5	10
1094	"Dear Local Newspaper, I agree that computers have a positive effect on people. You learn hand - eye coordination, you don't have to step out to go to the library and it can improve social skills. Continue reading to find out why. Computers, we use them everyday. They are teaching us something. We @MONTH1 not even realize it, but they are teaching us hand-eye coordination. We type something and we use our eyes to look at the screen and then our hands to type, one mistake and automatically our hand fix it. Or maybe when we are playing games online, the same thing applies. Our eyes are looking, while our hands are fast at work over the keyboard. Hand-eye Coordination is a skill you need on sports, and I believe that computers, since we spend time on them are the quick way to learn that skill. Next, how many student's parents work? My parents do. Something it becomes difficult to walk to the library, not everyone lives in walking distance to one. That's when a computer helps. If you have a project to do, but your parents work, you can just @ORGANIZATION1 it up, you might even get more information, then what you can get in the library. Hows that? you ask. Well, for an example, @CAPS1 you had to do a project on @CAPS2. Let's just say, you managed to go to a library, but apparently there were only @NUM1 books on @CAPS2, out of which @NUM2 were checked out. You can always check it out from another library, but that might not come soon enough, on a survey @PERCENT1 of students said this has happened to them, but the computer saved them. So what else did they say? HELLO @ORGANIZATION1! Last but not least, a computer improves your social skils. When I first moved here I was a very shy person. When I made a @CAPS3, I @CAPS4 talking to people who go to my school. I even became friends with them. I'm not saying that you should just stop talking to people in person, and use @CAPS3, @CAPS6, @CAPS7, or @CAPS8 and communicate. @CAPS9 I am saying is that if you start talking to them online, you know them a little, then when you talk in person you will see you have alot in common, with that person, and soon you can become friends. Another thing, that is somewhat related to this. I have many friends living in @LOCATION1, and many cousins in @LOCATION3, @LOCATION2, @CAPS9 over. We @CAPS9 know, you can't travel @CAPS9 the time, sometimes you can't even get to see them. Thats @CAPS10 social networks help. You can keep in touch, plus @CAPS11.S. not even waste minutes on you phone. Can it get better? In conclusion, Computers have a very positive effect on people. From improving hand-eye coordination, to not stepping out to go to the library, and getting that project done in time with a A+ as a grade, to improving your socia skills. Even see the data collected. Thank you for taking your time and effort to read this, I hope it has persuaded many people."	5	5	10
1095	"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 name is @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 in the @NUM1 grade in @CAPS5 @CAPS6 In @LOCATION1. I'm writing to you because I heard that more and more people use computer, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society. In @CAPS1 opinion I think it benfit society. If you keep reading I will fell why it benif society. @CAPS1 first reason that computer have a positive effect on people. For example, when I see @CAPS1 older brother go on the computer he look much smarter on it. That @NUM2 out of @NUM3 member of @CAPS1 family learn thing from the computer. @CAPS1 second reason that it teach hand eye coordination. For example, when I play games in the computer @CAPS1 hand are the ones doing every thing for me. (@PERSON1 example is that we I wacth the game @CAPS1 hand are roating) @CAPS7 @NUM4 of @NUM3 of human play games in the computer and let their hand do everything. @CAPS1 third reason that it give people the ability to learn. For example, when I was using the computer use too teach so much that I'm go on most of the time. @NUM6 of @NUM3 student study in computers and they learn about thing that they never knew. Also they have the ability learn more on the computer. Some one might say people are spending too much time on their computer. However, I said that computer help people learn about thing that happen in the word. For example, they could larn about the war that going on and how people are risking their life for this cause. In conclusion, In @CAPS1 opinion it benefit society. Computer have a positive effet, I theach hand eye, and it give people the ability to learn. I think you should put all you support in the problem."	4	4	8
1096	"Dear local newspaper editor, @CAPS1 you love haveing the enternet at your finger tips. Recently, it has been bought to my attention that some experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers. I firmly believe that this is correct. My three arguments are its not healthy, the friends you meet up there are siber friends and bad @CAPS5 @MONTH1 occur. First of all, being on the computer too much is not healthy. This reminds me of my friend named @CAPS2. @CAPS2 used to be humerous, outgoing and play alot of sports. One @CAPS3 day, her mother bought her a laptop. This laptop was blue and white-her two faverite colors. She was on it all day and all night. She took it with her everywhere she went. Well, it got to the point whare she stopped the sports, gained some weight and the sadness creptped upon her. She was in a depresion mode. She went to the doctors and they told her that she had to give up the computer and play with it for only two days a week for five hours only. She listened to the doctor and it took her about three months to get back to the fun @CAPS2 she used to be. Being on the computer too much can harm you and the people around you. Second of all, the friends you meet on the enternet are called cyber friends. You don't know who they realy are, where they realy live, or their real age. They can tell you any thing they want because they know that that's a little fantasy world. That is mently not healthy. It is very important for human beings to be socialy active. Being on the computer too much can harm your brain also. Third of all, @CAPS5 @MONTH1 pop up. If you are the type of person who is on the computer every chance you get like becky, it is not good for you or the device. Being on the computer can harm even the computer. Well, you've read my arguments and ideas. Please take them into consideration."	4	4	8
1097	"Dear local news paper, In @CAPS1 oppinion I think that those who makes compiuters should make up an times added to the compiuters. There should be a law that people has to go out and exercise before and after then use compiuters finally, I think that childrens should use the compiuter less than the adult fee health reasons. @CAPS1 first oppinion that I think that those who makes compiuters should make timers added to the compiuters to time tha amount of tim people should take depending on what they are doing like when some one is playing a game they spend hours playin instead of doing a diffrent activity. Also like when a person is doing their home work they start getting carried away in taking their time going slow and ends up finishing very bad. @CAPS1 second oppinion that I think that those who makes compiuters should have a law that people has to go out and exersise before and after they use compiuter because there is a big percentage amount of people who are obeast because everyone sits in the sits in the compiuters and starts to eat while they are playing games and watching videos for hours and they dont take a break to go outside and @CAPS1 third and final oppinion that I think that those who makes compiuters should have childrens use the compiuter less than the adults for health reason's because kids are always looking at the compiuters an their eyes are always getting red and then they start to not being able to see as well as they used to then they end up having to need glasses or abetter perpscription glasses. Also becaus kids are usually going into chatting sites and they start to talk to people who they dont know so they end up getting raped or kidnapped by the person that they went to talked to for hours. So local news paper will you make that change for the society and for the childrens? Because I would!"	4	4	8
1098	"Dear, Newspaper People should use less time on the computer because it effects their lifestyle. Instead of using their computer all the time they shoul exercise hang out with their friends and family and just enjoy nature. First of all computer's can bring a lot of obesity to the @LOCATION1 because it bring lazyness and it makes peole not went to exercise. If people start to exercise at least around @PERCENT1 of lazyness will go down. They should at least go out for a walk instead of using all their electrity. Also around @PERCENT2 of your electrity bill will go down if you go exercise instead of using computer. Secondly people need to start enjoying nature insteed of being on the computer at the time. People should go green and start recyling and not worrying about what somebody said on ""myspace"" or ""facebook"". Also if we started recyling and worring about nature @PERCENT3 of the earth would be greener. My last reson being their should be more friendler family time enstead of computer time. Computers just make you break away from your family and friends because your worrying whats happening on the internet. @PERCENT4 of people should just get of the computer all the time and just chill with your family and friends. In my conclusion these are my reasons being for people so they wont use the computer so much and so they can just kick back chill with your friend and family, exercise and enjoy natur"	4	3	7
1099	"Dear Local Newspaper, I agree with the experts when they say people are spending too much time on the computers. The reason for this is that one, people don't get enough exercise. Two, new websites have been made and people want to see how @CAPS1 works. Three, more and more teenage kids have the new technology. Their on @CAPS1 all the time, and don't realize their not spending any time with their family. Now that you know that lets move on to my first reason. First of all, people are spending a lot of time on the computer they don't have time to go outside and exercise, More people probably figure they don't need to go outside. Really they do, @CAPS1's important that they get their body moving and blood flowing through their body. Another thing is that we don't always need to get the answers off the computer. @CAPS1's east to find friend and play a game with them. Find something to do other than play games on the computer. Now that you know let's move on the second reason. Second of all, the computer network came up with new ideas for the computer. They now have facebook. More and more people use facebook now. This right here shows us they won't get out and play, this also means most kids won't do their homework. Another thing is that either parents set a time on the computer or they take @CAPS1 a way. Their is just so much amount of time you can be on the computer for and not get bored. Now that you know that lets move on to the last reason. Third of all, I would like to say people are spending more time on the computer than with their own family. The reason I say this is because @CAPS1 is important to spend as much time with family and friends instead of being on the computer @NUM1. We need to know also what's going on in our daily life. Another thing is that our family is way better than some game on the computer go outside with you family and play a game of wiffle ball. Now that you know that lets moves on to the conclusion. In conclusion, You have read an essay talking about how people spend more time on the computer rather than go outside to exersice, new website to keep them on longer, and not spending enough time with their family and friends. @CAPS1 is important to have a time limite on the computer and get up and moving. Don't be a lazy couch potato and sit on the computer all day get out and spend time with you family and friends, I hope you agree with me. "	3	4	7
1100	In my opinion i think that computers help people. It helps them with imformation that they @MONTH1 need. It can also help learn a lot of things.	1	1	2
1101	"Dear @ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS1 there has been a lot of talk about how computers effect society. Some ""experts"" say computers are good for society and some think the opposite computers are bad for society because they make children obese, decrease a person social skills, and even make children less educated. Computers are just plain bad. In recent years studies show that children that use the computer often are less likely and less willing to get active. Dr. @PERSON1 says, ""The more children use computers is the more time they waste @CAPS3 not being active at all."" A study conducted @CAPS3 the @ORGANIZATION1 shows that children that use the computer @NUM1 hours a day are more obese then children who use it one hour or less a day. Computers keep children inside all day. A child on the computer is wasting time not being active. The main reason children become fat on the computer is because it is easier to just go on the computer than to walk and exert energy. Computer are a direct cause to child obesity, and they are a threat to society. Some of you @MONTH1 think a computer can increase social skills, and you are dead wrong! On a computer you can ""talk"" to friends, but it is not like you are actually talking to them. On a computer you can talk in privite and say what ever the heck you want. In public if you say something bad you will get in a lot of trouble. A computer offers no face to face interaction. So when a person who uses a computer often is at a social gathering they are usually very awkward. My cousin spends all of his time on the computer and when I went to his on christmas he never took his eyes off the screen! Computers is destroying the social life millions of people. Did you know that people who use the computer often are usually less smart than kids who don't? ""Experts"" on computers say that computers can be used for infenite nolege. The key word in that fraise is ""can"". just because kids have knoledge at their finger tips doesn't mean the will use it. On many projects and homework assignments I have record kids say ""@CAPS2 I just copied and printed an article on google."" @CAPS3 copying and printing students don't learn anything. Computers are slowly making people less educated. Ever since the invention of the computer people have seen promise for society. Now computers are destroying society @CAPS3 making people fat, socialy weird, and less educated. So how can people still think computers are good?"	5	5	10
1102	"Dear @CAPS1, I believe that computers are not necessary. Some believe that they help us learn, but I just say so do books. Some people believe @CAPS2 can help to be more hand eye coordinated, so does playing catch. Most believe that internet teaches about people in faraway places, I say why not visit those places then you'll know more than what was typed in a computer. @CAPS2 it was computers against books I definetly would conqure with whomever roots for books. A good book is healthy. To me, reading a book on the computer is one of two things, unhealthy and unethnical! You can't read a book on the computer and even @CAPS2 you could it is not as fun as turning the pages of a beautiful paperback or hard-covered book. I Believe that you can learn so much from what you read in a book, (A real book)! When you type on a computer, do all that, ""clickety, clickety""!, you say that it's learning because you learn to type without looking, hand-eye coordination. I say no! that is not natural. Why not go out side and throw a ball to one another? That's a real way to show hand-eye coordination. It's a fun game and it's easy, plus it teaches hand-eye coordination. When you want to surf the web to find a nice vacation spot, you should really just visit that place. Flip a coin heads @LOCATION3 tails @LOCATION1, @CAPS2 you pick heads, stop surfing the web to get info on that place!. go fly there and surf the totaly radical waves. Surf the real waves next the artificial ones dudes! So as I restate, computers might seem okay and i guess they aren't all bad, but they are not my cup of coffee. So take time away from that computer and go read a book or play a game of catch. You know what hows about a trip to @LOCATION4 or @LOCATION2 or @LOCATION3. Who knows, it will definetly be an experience, for sure."	4	5	9
1103	"Dear newspaper, @CAPS1 the fresh air that cools your skin and the wind blowing through your hair while you are running side by side next to your best friend. And you think about the millions of people who spend their time chating on the computer. You also wonder about the amount of exercise those people would have, and would they be able to interact with friends and family members. Just think about your current lifestyle is it occupied with computers or is it free and wild? When you think about chatting to people do you think communicating in person or communicating by aim? I have surveyed friends and resulted with five out of ten go home and chat to friends online. This upset me because this half mainly had kids that did not play sports but yet they were very talkative, so in aim a problem I still have yet to find out. I asked question like ""what do you do at home?"", ""are you a computer geek?"". (@CAPS2 questions were only used to support my survey) The next time you are asked to chat online please decline before you to become obsessed with the computer. The amount of exercise a person gets depends on who it is. There are some who live on their computers like the @CAPS3 @CAPS4 (a comcast commercial) and some who don't know what a computer is (not commenting). I am here to teach about the benifits of exercising and not the un natural ways of a computer. Did you know people can loose weight by exercising? If you just pick up that old curling weight one curl is ten times as better then a click of a computer mouse dont believe me try it. Interacting with people is a big part of our life its how we get , give orders and its a lot faster type of communication then sending a email. Without interacting with one another we can suffer from depression. Depression can make people sick for example, my father, when @CAPS5 was divorsed the depression effected his body and mind. At the age of @NUM1 @CAPS5 got a rip in his small intestine that grew infecte and could have ended his life. I believe this was from lacks of communication and this happens everyday to everyone just open your eyes and relise what a computer can do to a man or woman. (@CAPS5 was remaried to bonnie and now carrys a scars on his belly). This is a movement that should change the opinion of many, do people spend to much time on computers? Just get outside and talk to your neibor see what they think. I relly hope you consider my argument."	5	5	10
1104	"Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1 you know that two out of three @CAPS2 own a computer? Computers are a very helpful tool that benefit everyone in society. They allow people to communicate with eachother, learn, and teach hand-eye coordination and other good things for school.. Computers are a very useful and beneficial part of society. The advance in technology has upgraded computers, and now allows people to communicate through them. For example, new webcams allow people to actually see and talk to each other from you computer screen. This allows people no matter how far to talk to each other and stay in touch. With my webcam I am able to keep in touch with my cousins in @LOCATION1. Another way of communication is through email. Through the internet, people can type messages back and forth. It is very fast and easy allowing people to talk to each other more and communicate. As well as webcams and email computers grants people access to communication websites such as @CAPS3 (instant messaging) or @CAPS4. These websites people message each other back and forth very quickly and easily. It is not difficult to do, like writing a letter would be, so people can communicate more efficiently and easily. Computers are very helpful for communication along with @CAPS6. Computers are an advancement that could help people learn more about anything. For instace, they could learn about foreigh plaus. All they would have to do is go to the internet, type what they were @CAPS5 for, and it would come up on the screen. It would allow people to learn about places all over the world. Also, people can see pictures on the computer. For example, if someone wanted to go on vacation faraway, they could type in the place and see what it looks like. However, the computer does not just show places. People could also see animals, other people, the environments, and anything else they want to learn about. Plus, with new websites being created, people could actually see what the earth looks like from space. They can look at houses, the wonders of the world, and much more computers give people the opportunity to learn about so much more. @CAPS6 more would help people, especially students to have a better education. If you ask anyone in school, they will tell you that computers are a very useful tool. Firstly it allows them to type. Students can type a project or paper on the computer faster and easier. It will also look neater and more orginized. Plus, computers teach students hand-eye coordination. By typing or even just clicking the mouse, students are bettering their coordination. This is due to the fast while they are @CAPS5 at the screen and typing or clicking, they have a sense of direction and know what to hit or where to put their hands without even @CAPS5. Lastly, computers help students because if they need help, they can just ask one of their friends through the computer. Students would better understand the content they are @CAPS6 and when they go to school, they would already know it. Therefore, computers would lead to students getting better grades. Computers play a big role in society today. They are a way of communication, @CAPS6, and allows students to do better in school. Overall, computers are a very beneficial tool in our society."	4	6	10
1105	"Dear, Newspaper I would like to tell you about computers, without them this world would fall apart. For example, some peoples jobs are to fix them, make then, sell them, also some people work from home and need the computer for their jobs. Without them soo many people would @CAPS1 out of jobs and geting paidless. Also, kids need them for education reasons, for example, if you had a broken finger and couldent hold a pencil you would have to type. In addition, what if a student needed an answer to a question and there has no to help them they could go online and get the answer and learn. Theres many ways a computer run help a person. For example, they could need directions or some ones phone number or answers. Also, you can buy off line what if you live too far away from your favorite stare you can fast or der it off line. Also I believe kids should get off the computer any go out side and exercise, to day there is to many over weight people if people what for a walk instead of siting on the computer all day there woulden @CAPS1 as many over weighted people. In addition, people need exercise without it people would get faty, lazy, sleepy, and some sick, and angery, deppression. it would @CAPS1 to every ones benifit if people would exercise more. In addition without computers alot or peoples lives would fall apart, people just need to exercise more and everyting will @CAPS1 fine."	4	4	8
1106	"Imagine this: You entered a raffle at your child's school for an all-expense paid trip to @LOCATION1, and you won! You are so excited until you realize you know nothing about @LOCATION1. You don't know what the weather is like, you don't know what kinds of food they eat. You're not quite sure how to prepare for the trip. So you go online and learn everything and anything about @LOCATION1. You pack appropriatly, and you have a great time. All because you had a computor. Computers can help you get a better education, no matter what your age. It also gives you the ability to keep in touch with friends and family, and are necessary for many jobs. Computers help many people learn about different countries and cultures. We know so much more about other places now than we did before computers. But computers can teach you so much more than just different countries. They can teach a whole new language, or help you understand the science lesson better. There are many online colleges where you can learn the lessons online and on your own time which is good if your really busy. The internet is a great way to keep in touch with your friends and family. You can use email, instant messaging, video chatting, or you can make an account on websites like facebook or myspace. For example, my cousin is in the navy, he has been for @NUM1 years, and before I got a facebook, I had lost touch. Now I talk to him all the time. When most people hear computers, the first thing that pops into their head is ""internet"". But that's not all a computer is good for. Nowadays, many jobs use computers. Banks, @CAPS1, teachers, @CAPS2, even cashiers. Computers are no longer a luxury; they have become a necesity. In fact, @NUM2 out of @NUM3 jobs require a computer. Computers allow you to type up that book report, or make a very important letter look professional. Computers have changed the world; and once it's changed there's no going back. So, it looks like access to a computer made that trip to @LOCATION1 easier. Clearly, computers have become a part of every day life. You can keep in touch with your friends and use it for your job. But most importantly, you can learn so much!"	5	4	9
1107	"Dear @CAPS1 of the @ORGANIZATION1, I personaly disagree with the experts who are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. The reason why I disagree is because it not the computers folt people don't get out and exercise. Buying a computer and getting on the computer is free will and the computer dosen't you get on it that's our choice so we can't blame the computer for people not excerising. Another important thing to remember is that computers are important is because they help you get more educated. For example there are computer class online for people that want to there degree in different fields, with just a click of a button you it can change you future and career for the rest of you life. The most important reason is because it help people learn about different cultures and ways of life. I love learning about @LOCATION1 and @LOCATION2 even through they had that terriable storm. I thank you for listening to my opinon and I hope that it change's your point of living a life without computers"	4	3	7
1108	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, The issue before us is that people are addicted to computer. S I think we are not. In addition to all this some people can task and many things like hang out with there family and friend but most importantly enjoy life. In a way computer privliges can be as like your enjoying life. Say if you an your friend has the same computer which includes webcam, video messaging and more. That's life well what im trying to say is that yall can talk see each other, have private conversations. Computer's dont alway take you away from the important people or things in life. Some computers can help you, you can take school, learn how to write essays, learn how to read, and much more. Computers can be a success to some people. Only thing that can take you away from having fun with your family and friends is yourself you cant blame it on a computer. Imagine life without a computer what would you do? How can you survive? For example if you were giving some homework that you had to do on the computer and theres was no way for you to do that project in school. How would you do it? Some people need computers. I think if they thought and knew we was going to get so excited about how cool our computers' are they shouldnt so much new technologies in our life. Now you can probably see why I think we need computer and how it can sometime benefit our society."	4	3	7
1109	"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 people are talking about computers and what it does to us. People believe that using the computer is a waste of time. I believe that computers aren't a bad thing. Using the computers can help us learn about other places in the world. It can also show us the lives about people from the past. We can also talk to our friends online. If you want to know why computers are useful, just keep on reading. People say that computers waste our lives. I disagree with that opinion. The internet is a great way to learn about different places in the world. We can learn about the climate. The animals, and the food they eat. @CAPS1 palces have different types of culture. For example, in @LOCATION3 everyone eats seafood. In @LOCATION2, everyone eats spicy food. The internet can show us pictures of beautiful places that we have never seen before. It's a great way to see and learn about different places compared to how you live. Do you have a friend that you haven't seen in a long time? Would you like to be in contact with that person again? Well the internet is a great way to do this. It allows you to make an account such as twitter, facebook, @NUM1 and more. You can search up your friends name and magic! You finally have the chance to talk to your old pal again. You would be thrilled to be able to talk with them again. @CAPS1 kids use the computer in order to do their history projects. Well the internet is here to help. You can search up famous people from the past or people from now adays. The internet allows you to see and learn about these people's past. One example is @LOCATION1. He was the first president of the @ORGANIZATION1. You can learn so much about him like where he was born, how @CAPS1 family relatives did he have and more. So you see, the internet is a great use for kids. These are my reasons in why I believe that computers aren't bad. We still have time for family, friends and any fun outdoor activity. We can learn about different places in the world. We can talk to friends online, and we can learn about people from the past."	4	5	9
1110	"Readers of ""@LOCATION2 @CAPS1"" should be well informed of the benifets of computers to society. Not only do they teach hand-eye coordination, but they give people the ability to learn about faraway places and provide a means to easy, online communication. In this day and age, good coordination is esencial to prospering in society. Using computers provides a method of both establishing and improving hand-eye coordination from the comfort of your own household or workplace. Dr. @DR1, of @ORGANIZATION1 medical center, says that a recent study shows @NUM1 out of every @NUM2 computers users have better hand-eye coordination than people who do not operate on a computer regularly. In a local primary school, students have begun to ""@CAPS2 to learn"", a program that promotes quick typing. School officials have seen a dramatic increase in the typing speed of children since the program was started in @DATE1. In this way, the computer provides a secure route to better hand-eye coordination. Even more importantly, the hand-eye coordination gained from using a computer can increase the chances of getting a job involving computer hand-eye coordination as an adult such as the position of a secretary or grafic designer. While hand-eye coordination is a factor of computers that has an extremely positive effect on people, the ability to learn about distant places with the touch of a keyboard is even more benificial towards all users. Website such as google and yahoo can track down millions of results in a matter of seconds if you search the name of a city or country. This can be handy when working on school projects as well; instead of having to lug tens of books home to finish an essay on @LOCATION1, you can simply look up the information on a computer at your house. When summertime comes around, and the last school bell rings, you can instead research faraway places that could turn into vacation spots instead of homework assignments. All of the travel information from plane tickets to the right currency is at your fingertips on a computer. If ""@LOCATION2 @CAPS1"" readers were aware of this, lots of trouble would be prevented and lots of time would be saved. The one component of computers that is used even more than research is online communication. State officials, governers, and even the president can post messages on websites for citizens to view while they check the weather or their email. This is a much easier way to hear goverment statements than waiting through endless commercials to hear speeches on the @CAPS4. Social networking sites are also immensly popular, and on pages like facebook and twitter you can reconnect with people who you don't have the chance to see everyday, or don't lie relative vincinity. If your cousin is going to school abroad, and did not have access to an international phone, you could communicate with them through email on the computer, and it would be as if they never left. It is ridiculous to think that someone could find computers - the gateway to faraway places, good hand-eye coordination, and the connection ten distant friends and family - a concern to society. They help town in countless ways and ""@CAPS5 @CAPS1"" readers should be aware of this."	5	6	11
1111	"Dear local Newspaper? Today i am wrinting this letter to you on computers. I belive that the people who don't have computer's have the right to say that people are online rather than exercising. My three topic's are they teach hand-eye coordination give people the ability to learn, and allow the people to communites. First, the computer's are'nt just for talking about! It gives them to learn hand-eye . If people were to belive that computers are just for fun. They would teach you how to type and take some lesson on typing without looking on the keyboard. Secondly, it gives the people the ability to on other cultures or where a is . @PERCENT1 out of the american popoaltion people are online. learning, and the @PERCENT2 are online job to be online. What about little kids? Where the . I'm sure they're buy them educational games for online. Finally, it gives ability to . With other people. If theres a school closing a delay you don't know that you would like to get as a . people the ability is check-out on what's going on around the world or checking for the weather. These are my reason why i truly belive that people should be online atleast twice a week."	3	4	7
1112	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 you think computers are bad for society. It came to my attention that many people are concerned that computers are not very good in my opinion I think computers are They help typeing skills. Computers are also very helpful with and crofing pictures, and they make it to find information. First of all, computer are very helpful with typing skills. Other people doesn't use computers takes six years to @CAPS3 younger people like young skills use very quickly. Actuly @PERCENT1 of teens can type in a minutes Who takes @NUM1 minutes. Computers have a great effect on many people with their typeing skills. Computers makes it so copier with so many pictures editing and many more, editing pictures from a expensive digital @CAPS2 it for free on your computer? A computers makes it and it through a lack of information to just computer and find it faster. The computer you can look for information make faster. For example you have to @CAPS2 a project on @CAPS4. Instead of going to the library and spending more on a book about @CAPS4 you can go on google.com and type in @CAPS4. So much information and so much faster. Get with the program computers are in. In conclusion, I think computers is a great invention. They make it easier to find information and typing skills. Also they make it so much easier to crop and edit photos, please take my suggestions sereusly."	4	4	8
1113	"Guess what! Do you like to use computers well I do and I think it benfits society for a couple of reasons. It is good to use to get information on things, to meet people and just to expose the internet and if you keep on reading @CAPS1 ill tell you why think that. One reason I think it benfits society because how in this lifetime you need to know what is going on in the world. So instead of you always watching the news or reading newspaper. You could go on the internet and see what is going on from the internet. Thats why I think it benfits society today. A second reason is haveing a computers poeple get to talk over the web and meet new poeple. Being able to talk online to people like faimly and your friends. That you havent seen or heard from in a long time. And you don't have thier number you will tot alk to them during they are on the internet. A third reason is haveing a computer and is always on it. You can explore the internet and get facts on poeple, things, and places that you never knew about and from you going on the internet you learn more things that tou never knew before. A fourth reason is by haveing a computer you can go to school on the internet. And you dont have to leave your house because you can go to school from there and by doing that most poeple could stay out of trouble because there not leavinf there house. Unfortunally I ahve to end this letter but has mush reasons and details I gave ou on why I think haveing a computer is a good idea. You will agree with me and why I think that."	4	4	8
1114	"More and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society. I feel that those people that think computers do not benefit society, are right. I feel this way because people need to start exercising it more, and interact with family and friends. Also, should enjoy life. Please read on to read in detail, as to why I feel this way. Firstly, those who are always on the computer need to exercise more, they need to exercise to stay healthy and strong. If they don't, they will most likely eat more and gain a lot of unwanted fat. Also, some of them don't even exercise at all. Secondly, they don't interact with their family and friends as much. Those people tend to probably argue with their family because they had to get off of computer. When you fight with people you want to gey away from it so you go back to the computer. It's not healthy to be on the computer for long periods at a time. Lastly, they should enjoy life. See the world through their own eyes. Party with friends and family. Go to college and do something with their lives. They need to enjoy things how they originally were without any computers, ipods, or even cellphones. In conclusion, the reasons I feel this why are because people need to exercise more, and interact with family and friends. Also, they need to enjoy life. I hope you understand as to why I feel this way."	3	4	7
1115	"Dear @CAPS1 Have you ever wondered how much the world wide web has to offer? I would definetly agree that computers have a benificial effect on people. They teach hand eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about far away places and they give people the chance to recconnect or new people. The internet has so much to offer and is absolutley benifical. Studies done by @PERSON1, doctor at @ORGANIZATION1 stated that @PERCENT1 of people who are on the computer typing have better hand eye coordination than those who do not. You could be improving your coordination and not even know it! Intelligent people would agree that being on the computer is very helpful to you. There are many computer games are there that you have to react quickly to and call for fast reflex and hand eye coordination. I know personally that it has help us. Since @CAPS2 been on the computer more I have noticed that my reaction time off this block for has shockly improved! Yes, I know that some people should get outside and exercise, but you can excersize and improve your hand eye coordination, either way you can go wrong. As the massive sits in space like high take fascinating worlds it the computers. The technology of computers to learn about the far away places. Kevin, scientist that @PERCENT2 of our knowing about space come from computers! For example think about google earth; it allows the human eye to see clear pictures of anywhere in the world! I think you would agree that without computers we would a lot of knowledge about the wonderful world around us. Would you rather us not have computers and not know half the stuff about we live in? By these high tech computers we can learn about life outside like space, and other galaxies. Did you know that @NUM1 of the population use the computer to talk, and reconnect to friends and family. I know I do! I know that people shouldn't be to computer, talking to people. But its a great way to stay in touch with people. They have awesome websites like skype and oovo that allows you to chat with other people over. Friendly, educated people agree that this is a good way to catch up with old friends from highschool or even way back to grade school. Another great aspect of online communicating is long friendships can be created. Newly explain, now they not online and got so close they ! Personally I know that I go to @DATE1 camp every year and make new friends. Internet websites like facebook helped me keep in touch with her. Clearly this is a great source to use! The time has come to decide the choice of using computers would deffinetly be a wise one. Without a doubt it will certainly help you; hand eye coordination and keep you talk or recconect with people. Most importantly it gives people the ability to learn about the wonders of far away places. So dont make the wrong choice, and appreciate and use all this computers have to offer."	5	6	11
1116	"I think the effects of the computer are bad, these are my three reasons why I think its bad; @CAPS1, the computer could cause blindness to people when they spend too much time or hours on their computers, @CAPS2, people need to relax their vision and do something rather than on their computers, @CAPS3, people need to use computers out a less time. These are the three reasons why I think the effects of the computer are bad. The @CAPS1 reason why I think the effects of the computer is bad is that computer could cause couse blindness to people when they spend too much time on their computers because the screen of the computer has too much light, people can't just stop staring at the monitor and even worse they could probably lost their sight and they will end up with blindness. That's why you have to be away from the screen but, being too long on your computer is bad. This is my @CAPS1 reason why I think the effects of the computer is bad because the computer could cause blindness to people when they spend too much time on their computers. The @CAPS2 reason why I think the effects of the computer is bad is that people need to relax their vision and do something rather than on their computers because when people are on their computers too much time they just couldn't come down stairs talk with their family of friends, they could'nt go outside and enjoy the glory of nature and the enjoyment at the outside world, and also if they had nothing they can just read a book, draw, watch the @CAPS4, etc. They could do those things rather than wasting their time on their computers. This is my @CAPS2 reason why I think the effects of the computer is bad is that people need to relax their vision and do something rather than on their computers. The last reason why I think the effects of the computer is bad is that people need to use their computer for a less time because when people use their computer for a less time it is good because now they finally could be with their family and friends and spend so much time with them. It also good to saving energy, and prevent you from paying alot of electrical bill, and also it is good to finally let your vision of the eyes to relax. In conclusion, the three reasons; @CAPS1, the computer could cause blindness to people when they spend too much time on their computer. @CAPS2, people need to relax their vision and do something rather than on their computer, and @CAPS3, people need to use their computers for a less time will prove that the effects of the computer I think its very bad."	4	4	8
1117	"I believe that computers have a negitive effect on people. Using the computer effects a person's time because the sit for hours playing online games, @CAPS1 also effects there heath because there not getting any fresh air or spending time with there family, lastly @CAPS1 effects there education because time they could be using doing there homework there on there computer. First useing the computer effects a person's time, @CAPS1 does that by wasteing hours sitting there when you could be outside playing or doing chores around your house. You could be helping your family or friends out but instead playing computer games. There goes all the time you could have been doing something good, wasted because of the computer. The computer also effects you heath because your in a room inside not getting any air. You're also not exerciceing and helping your body out. This could effect your emotional heath. When your on the computer your not talking to people and becoming social and you could loose connections with you friend and your family. When you loose your connections and become you will use your computer more and then @CAPS1 will become worse. My last reason is that @CAPS1 effects education because when you could be doing your homework and studing for an important lest on your on the computer learning nothing, then you will school and possably mess for ever! This is really bad because you were on the computer. A couple times I pushed homework aside to use the computer and my grades drops alot. So this is why @CAPS1 effects education. These are the reasons how the computer effects education, your heath, and your time. I know your thinking that computers could be used for education, but humans prefer fun over anything else and I hoped this helped you realized that."	4	4	8
1118	"Dear Local Newspaper, Experts should not be concerned about other people that stay on the computer for a while. Maybe people know what they are doing and have to stay on computers for a long time. They also might like to learn things that they never thought about learning. Most people try not to be overweight. Experts should Not try to have less people on the computer. One reason is that people can chat with one another. It can be friends, families, and more. About @PERCENT1 of people chat online with families or friends. Chatting can also help you like if there is an emergency. You can tell someone what is going on and call the cops. Without a doubt chatting online is a great way to use the computer during the time your on it. Another reason is that you can search anything you need to know. Maybe if you have to search something for school, the computer can help you. This can have positive effects on people. It can make someone a better person. You can't agree that getting to search anything is a fantastic way of using a computer for a while. A third reason is that it can teach you hand-eye coordination and gives people the ability to learn about faraway places and people. Learning about things you have never dreamed about learning. There are many people and places in the world that you still have to learn about. Is it surprising to you that almost everyone and anyplace that is famous is on the internet. Using the computer this way is another terrific idea. These are all great ways of using the computer. Being on the for a while is not a waste of time. People can you their time wisly on the computer. Surprisingly it is true that all of the reasons are good for the time being on the computer. So you should try to make people be on the computer less often."	4	4	8
1119	"Dear newspaper, @CAPS1 you want people to be so memorized by a computer that they miss out in the world around them? @CAPS1 you want the kids in @LOCATION1 to spend hours each day on the computers playing games while they could be outside getting fresh air? The question then is, @CAPS1 computers have good effects or bad effects on people. The obvious answer is bad effect. People constantly use the computers teach them bad habbits and can search inappropriate things. IF people are always playing games the computers then when @CAPS1 they go out for a jag. The answer is never. People who are constantly on the computer don't get enough exercise. One reason why a lot of people in @LOCATION1 are obese is because they aren't getting enough exercise. Computers aren't helping this situation at all. Some people say, ""@CAPS2 I'll just spend an hour on the computer and then I will go work out."" But, the one hour on the computer turns into two hours, and then two hours turns into three, you know it you've wasted the wrote day on the computer and didn't exercise at all. Also, there are so many games on the computer now that can be really and you don't to stop playing them. Yes some games can be really entertaining, but you don't have to spend all day playing them. You can play a fun game for fifteen minutes and then go get air. As you can computer can mesmorised a lot so they don't get enough exercise. Second, people go on bad habbits. For example, kids are always. On the website you can talk to your friends. On the computer the problem is that people dont use the. Too much and get too used writing like that. Then, kids @MONTH1 start doing that on writing in school and most even know it. Also, there are new websites where you can put personal information about yourself. This makes it easy for strangers to. learn your. Lastly is very easy for people, even to search inappropriate things. Everything is on the internet and little kids are going to be very curious about it. They can search inappropriate words ad pictures and no one would ever know. people can past inappropriate information on their own for others to see that can be impossible to take. And, if parents don't know that their children are searching inappropriate things, then the kids are going to keep doing it because they know they wont get caught. So, as you can see computers have a very negative effect on people. It causes individuals to no easy to inappiopriate things. So go and limit the time you on computer."	5	4	9
1120	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 much time do you spend on the computer daily, @NUM1 hour, @NUM2 hours. While computers, are amazing advances in technology they are also very bad for you. People spend hours at at time on the computer causing less time exercing, horrible speaking, and dangerous searches. From @DATE2 to @DATE3 the numbers of obese people increased from @PERCENT2 of @LOCATION2 citizens to @PERCENT1. In a recent study the amount of families with computers is now @NUM3 out of @DATE1 compared to the @NUM4 out of @DATE1 in @DATE4. Scientist wonder if they were connected and relized they were. People who spent hours on the computer live a sedentary life style. They are more likly to go on the computer than go exercise. The lack of exercising causes obeseity, and cardovascular problems. Without this valuable exercise more people are . At a visit to the hospitial a surgen said he has seen a huge increase of heart surgreys in the @DATE1. We found that the computer manual booklets says to only go on for an @NUM1 hour at a time. The hottest thing online these days is social networking, whether @CAPS6's twitter, or facebook. These social networking allow teens to talk with there friends. But @CAPS6 really isn't talking. For example they write @CAPS3 @CAPS4 going @NUM2 dance. Not only is the spelling wrong but also the grammer. And this language doesnt just stay online, @CAPS6 is now now they talk. @PERSON1 the grandmother to a social networking said, ""I can't even have conversations with her because she is is talking like she is on the computer. @CAPS6's so sad."" @CAPS5 for public speaking and english class, @PERSON2 an english teacher for @NUM7 @DATE1 states @CAPS2 she has seen a drop in teens ability to write gramaticly correct and @CAPS2 when she corrects essay the are written is social networking form. ""@CAPS6's hard to see litiature dissolving because kid are spending so much time on the computer. The average day for children in @LOCATION1 @CAPS7 is to go home and going on the computer for hours at a time until a parent comes home. @CAPS2 would you like your child to be surfing the internent alone without you for hours when you don't know what they are doing. Parent blockers can only do so much. Children can find out the password and net around @CAPS6. The dangers are always there. You can get a lot of good information on the internet but you can also get a lot of bad information. You dont know what your child is searching or who they are talking to on the computer, @CAPS6 could be ""@CAPS8,"" the who lives four blocks over."	5	4	9
1121	"Hello @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 you think computers are having a great effect on people? Well, I sure @CAPS3 think using a computer has a great effect on people. I say this because, people are probably waisting a full day on those facebook, myspace gol websites, looking up diffenitions for words, directions to places etc. If you think about it, this effect on people can ruin their eye-site, and social skills. These people are spending like @NUM1 hours tops on the computer. Staring at that @NUM2 inch little screen can damage your eye-site. This can lead you to getting glasses or possibly going blind. How would your life be without not talking to a girl/guy or even your own family? If you waist your time on those websites for example: facebook all you @CAPS3 is instant message the person. Maybe you should go out and @CAPS3 something fun with that person. What's this I hear about map it.com? Don't be lazy and waist @NUM3 minutes at your day just getting directions. Use a a real map! Also, free @LOCATION1? Come on! Use a real dictionary. So, I come to my conclusion by saying that these computers @CAPS3 have a ""great effect""on people. It gives them short cuts through life."	4	3	7
1122	"Do you think being able to look up information on anything or talk to people that are for away is ggod? With a computer these are some things that you will be able to do. Being able to talk to anyone that is far away is good. Some people have family in other countries that they have not seen in a long time and with a computer you can talk to them. @CAPS1 the people we have sent to @ORGANIZATION1 they have a Family here and I have heard of them using computers to talk to them because they miss them. Also if you live in an area that gets bad weather and you can not go anywhere a computer can help pass the time, @CAPS1 the people that live in the @CAPS2 they can get alot of snow during the winter time and @MONTH1 have to stay inside. So if they have a computer they are able to do things @CAPS1 play some games or can watch some videos to pass the time. Another thing a computer is good for is that you are able to search for anything. You are able to learn about faraway places even if you have never been there just by looking it up. Some kids do have some trouble with some homework but can use a computer to learn some more about it and hopefully they will now understand how the work is suppose to be done instead of going to the teacher tomorrow and telling them that you did not do it. There are my opinions why a computers have a positive effect on people. By being able to search anything, help children with homework, and pass the time if you have nothing to do."	4	4	8
1123	"Dear Readers of the @ORGANIZATION1, Computers are machines that have been around for @MONTH1 years. With internet, you can do things like play games, research information, and even talk to friends and family, all through a computer. Advances in computer technology are beneficial to @CAPS1 society for several reasons. These includes that computers improve hand-eye coordination, provide abundant information, and allow people to talk online. As said earlier, using a computer can improve hand-eye coordination. In fact, it is known that computers can immensely improve your reflexes. This reminds me of a time when my brother went to an eye doctor and was told that his eyes had trouble focusing. Patrick, my brother, was then literally assigned by the doctor to play computer games to help his hand-eye coordination. As a matter of fact, @PERCENT1 agree that computers can have a gargantuah, positive impact on reflexes and hand-eye coordination. If computers heldful in this way and, in some cases, necessary for your eyes, then why would the use of computers be classified as bad when they are clearly a beneficial factor in @CAPS1 society? Computers are also beneficial because of what huge resource they are. the internet offers so much information for people of all ages who want to learn and thrive. For example, most schools have their students use computers for research. When I say most schoold, I mean @PERCENT2 of schools assign students to research using a computer. Principal of new city @ORGANIZATION2, @PERSON2 says, ""@CAPS1 students use computers at leat every week if not more. They are fantastic resource with endless information."" Computers are getway to countless amounts of knowledge that everyone should have access to. It is well known that almost everyone knows someone who lives far away. I, myself, have friend who lives in @LOCATION1 that I miss very much. When long-distance phone calls are too expensive most of the world and I rely on computers to talk to out far-away friends. Computers are the bridge between @CAPS2; (my @CAPS3 friend) and I. However, computers are not only used long distance. I also use computers to e-mail, instant message, video chat, and just stay connected to family and friends. A local teenage boy, @PERSON1, says. ""I use my computer to stay connected with friends and my family that lives in another county. I don't know what I would do without it."" This means that @PERSON1 and thousands of others rely on computers for communication with friends and Family. Computers are necessary for @MONTH1 reasons. They help people, educate, and connect people. You must have access to a computer in my opinion, in order to thrive in life."	5	5	10
1124	"Dear @LOCATION1 news paper, I think computers are a bad and good thing because computers keep some people inside more than usual and then on the other hand a computer allows you to talk with family members that you haven't seen in a long time, search for upcoming events and see if they are canceled and to search up other stuff like when a movie is playing. Computers are a big part of school too, because without computers it would be hard to study and for some teachers most of their homeworks aquires you to use a computer. There is some other things that are bad about computers too for example: my friend stayed on his computer playing video games for most of the day. Its like when he's on that computer he dosen't listen or hear anyone, not even his parents. He barely goes down to eat dinner and when he does he has his laptop right beside him. His parents started to get tired of it so they took his tv and laptop away so he could go outside and play with his friends. After a while he started to come outside a lot mostly every day when it was nice. They gave him back his computer and tv. The only time he goes on it now is rainy days."	3	4	7
1125	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3, experts have been concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers, which is harmful to their health. They are wrong. Computers help people communicate, learn, and even provide entertainment. For these reasons, computers are good. Computers help people communicate with their family and friends, Some people @MONTH1 think that phones are better than computers for communication purposes, but computers are more long distance, and you will never get a busy signal. Some phone services are very expensive, and cost even more money for long distance calling. With a computer, though, you can send emails all around the globe... at no extra cost. Also, with a computer, you never get put on hold or hear a busy signal. You simply send your message, then do whatever you want while you wait for a reply. Computers help educate people, too. Many people take classes, especially college level classes, online. In fact, about half of the people taking college classes right now... aren't even in a school! This can help many people who are working most of the day, because they can get their degree in their. Also, computers can help people with the little things such as, ""where's the nearest @ORGANIZATION1"" or ""how much does something cost."" Computers can ever help people plan a vacation, or learn about a country on the other side of the earth. Computers can also provide entertainment for people. People who need something to cheer them up can watch a funny video with the click of a button. Someone who is feeling bored could play one of countless games that have been created, and range from pointless to addicting, from tiny to massive. For all those @CAPS4 lovers out there, the computer is an alternative. An alternative where songs don't cost money, and neither do music videos. Of course, computers don't fit in your pocket, but there's always a laptop. Based on what you just read, it should be easy to see that computers improve people's lives because they provide education, communication and entertainment."	5	5	10
1126	"Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1's small world after all - and growing smaller as computer usage becomes more and more widespread. Thousands upon thousands of sites and applications are now at your fingertips. I firmly believe that the effects of computers are overwhelming positive. For one thing, they increase hand-eye coordination.For another, they are a great means of communication.Finally they are a very powerful research tool. Some @MONTH1 say that computers are lessening time with family and friends, but I don't agree. Computers help us stay more conected than ever! The computer is not evil - quite the opposite! First of all, computers are great for increasing hand-eye coordination. In recent study by @PERSON1, he noticed a significant increase in motor skills of children aged @NUM1 to @NUM2 when they used educational computer programs such as @CAPS2 @CAPS3 for just half an hour, once a day. Children who did not use the program were seen to develop motor skills at a much lower rate. Hand-eye coordination is a skill needed from birth to death, and should be encouraged as uch as possible. I know that @CAPS1 greatly helps me in my daily life - and probably you in yours as well - from the mos basic tasks of eating and brushing my teeth to typing, drawing, and playing piano. As you can see, hand-eye coordination is very important. Second in my reasoning is that computers are brilliant communication aids. People can't always be reached by phone. An email could be waiting for them online whenever - and whereever - they check @CAPS1. Also, documents can be sent over email that would be near impossible for a home phone and difficult for most cells to process. Revolutionary video-conferencing programs like @ORGANIZATION2 can even allow us to talk to people around the world, practically eye to eye. I use @CAPS1 to keep in touch with family on the @LOCATION2. How about you? Last - but (at the risk of sounding cliched) definitely not the least - computers are very powerful research tools. Everything from the schedule of the local zoo (thus preventing toddler meltdowns when one arrives only to find @CAPS1 closed) to the average life span of the @CAPS4 elephant (@NUM3 years). Rather than skimming book after books for a single piece of information, plug your query into any of many search engines, from @ORGANIZATION1 to @CAPS5., and find answers instantly. Find about @LOCATION3 without the expense of a plane ticket. See photos of @LOCATION1 - a sight most people would never get to see without the internet. The computer can take us anywhere. In conclusion, computers are a great resource that are often wrongly portrayed in a bad light. Computers teach and improve valuable hand-eye coordination. Also, they help greatly with communication. And finally, they are a powerful research device. Computers are oftern shown as the bane of society. This is simply untrue. They are an excellent tool for all ages. Technology is not our enemy. Don't treat @CAPS1 like one."	5	6	11
1127	"Dear Newspaper, People always believe that technology today such as computers are making more and more people lazy and not going out into the real world such as people who don't spend time with family, become very unfit, and also @CAPS1 websites and people you talk to can put you in harms way and you can get hurt. First, who wouldn't want to spend time with family and find out things that happend to them, @CAPS1 people because they are to busy being on the computer instead of going camping with the family, going to an amusement park and also some family gatherings. People who thinks that the computers is a helping thing to use but @PERSON1 said ""@CAPS1 people learn much easier from family of friends then from a computer. Second, @CAPS1 people are becoming @CAPS2 because of computers intead of going for a walk or nice day they sit in their room and sit on the computer and seeing virtual things instead of seeing things. @CAPS1 prove who are sitting on the computer people you might should be joining a sports learns with everyday. Last, @CAPS1 @CAPS3 that go on the computer and adults are getting because of the of talking to people you have never seen or really know about. When you are on and someone and live where you live they can be lieing and you could take them seriously and meet up with them and that is how you can get killed or go missing. Also, the computer allows you to put pictures and videos online and a lot of teens and adults are posting up on the internet very inapropriate pictures of these bodies and people should't be seeing that. I hope that if you or a family is always on the computer you should say you need to spend time with your family, you can become very unfit, and you can be at risk of getting hurt by people you don't know."	4	4	8
1128	"I think computers are very benefical. There are so many uses! From learning, to games, to videos, and to a tool that is very useful. Without computers we would be like the @CAPS1 (@CAPS2 offense any @CAPS1 people). We would have to wait for a news paper or the news to come on @CAPS4.V. to see becalling news. Let me explain my reasoning in the next few paragraphs. First and foremost, there are lots of things to do. You can play online games, off-line games, surf the web, chat, match videos, and so on and so forth. Without the internet I probably would have lost my interest in @ORGANIZATION1. I now am a member of the online community called www.MOCpages.com I post my creations, look at others creations, and comment, and chat. I use the internet to reasearch for school projects. Right now, I am reasearching @CAPS5 @CAPS6 during the @CAPS7 @CAPS8. Normally I would have to slave over books to find something. Now it is much easier, because keywords are matched. Finally, it is a good fool. Did you know the millitary needs computers to store info, attack, keep record, and to pilot certain planes? I need to use a computer to type up home work, because as you can see, my hand writing isn'@CAPS4 the neatest. Also, I stay in touch with my dad, who works in @ORGANIZATION2. I hope I persuaded you on my position. Remember computers, do lots of things, help us learn, and they are a fantastic tool. Thanks for reading, bye!"	4	4	8
1129	"I think that computers have positive effects on peole. People can find out important news online, and you can connect with people you don't see often. Also, you can order anything in the world online. These are three reasons why I believe computers have a positive effect on people. Computers inform people about important news. If there is a blizzard people can find out ahead of time and stock up on food. If there is a burglar going around, people can find out, and lock all doors and windows. And by knowing all this information, it helps helps people plan events, like birthday parites. Finding out important news is very helpful, and conveniant. And @PERCENT1 of people, are less to inconveniances, if they know the news. Another way computers have a positive effect on people is by allowing them to connect with people they don't see often. This provides an easy way to share events tha have taken place, and just have some time to talk face to face. With video chat, you can show off new , or newborn baby. You can share you want with people you barely see. Experts say that freindships last longer if you talk to each ohter often. and with computers, this is possible. A third way computers help out is allowing you to order anything in the world online. If you need a japanese doing for someone in ohio, you can order it online. If you're are old, and can't go to the grocery store anymore, you can order then online. I have seen that people who can order everything online, don't have to do a lot of driving, and this saves time, money, and gas. This is also very convendent and is less stressful then waithing in lines to purchase on item. These are just three ways htat computers have had a positive effect on people. the are that you can find out important news, you connect with people you don't see ofte, and you can order anything in the world that's why I believe comptuers have a positive effect on people."	4	4	8
1130	"Do you want your child to suceed in life? This is why computers are valuable to everyday life. Computers help children get more education, they can be independent and not hows anyane tell them new to use a computer, and @CAPS1 they get to college they can take notes quickly and not fall behind. This is whycomputers are important to everyday life. Computers are important because your child will get the proper education that they need. @PERCENT1 of children who uses the thev internet for students for studies are the ones that will be a grade ahead of the best of this or her classmates. Dr. @PERSON1 a computer cope it, says, ""@CAPS1 I was using the computer to do research on a topic, I went on on leperdy the @DATE1 and from there I was a @NUM1 @DATE1 because I was on the computers. As you can see computers are valuable items used in everyday life. Computers are important to everyday life because it helps your children be more independent and learn how to use different parts of the internet. @PERCENT1 to @PERCENT2 of children who use the internet are most likely so succeed in college because they know what websites to go to and how to get there. There is an @PERCENT1 chance that the children who succeed in college will get the higher paying jobs because they've @PERSON1, the computer expect, says, ""@CAPS2 son was at @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS3 was smart because @CAPS3 was always on the computer looking up new facts and ideas that popped into his head."" @CAPS3 is a student which is very hard to get. This is why computers are valuable to everyday life. Computers are impotant because you can look up sites that will help you eat health foods. @PERCENT3 of adults who health foods are most likely to live an even @NUM2 years of their life because they are their bodies in health conditions because they've eating more fruits, and drinking more to keep their bones strong @CAPS1 they fall @CAPS1 they older. As you can see, using then internet can be very helpful if you used to the right way. This is why using the internet will help you be the successful person that you want to be in life."	4	5	9
1131	"Being active has no limit, but technology does."	1	1	2
1132	"Dear local newspaper, I think that computers are a good thing to have for the following three reasons. First, they help people learn by looking up information on different places. Second, the help people talk to friends and family using @CAPS2. Lastly they help people become less stressed by playing computers games. Learning is important and with computers, you're able to learn faster. Computers help you learn about faraway places like @LOCATION1. It is much easier to learn on the computer than to go to the library and check out a book. If you're working on a project and you needed some last minute information, you could just go to the computer and search you're topic. Learning on a computer is much more convenvent then going to the @CAPS1. Another reason computers are good is because you can talk to friends and family who are far away using something called @CAPS2. @CAPS2 allows someone to talk to another person using the computer. These people could live just down the block or half-way accrose the world. My cousin is living in spain for a semester in college. I've skped with her many times. The cool thing about @CAPS2 is that you can acctually see the person you're talking to on the computer screen. @CAPS2 is a great way to keep in touch with family and friends who are faraway. My last reason is that computers help lower your stress level by playing games. Computer games are alot of fun to play. They have games that range from @CAPS3 @CAPS4 the word, to @CAPS5 @CAPS6 beauty barn. Computer games are a great way to lower your stress because instead of piking your self up with to much work, you'll be calming your selfdown with computer games. They also gave educational games. like, Which country is which. This game teaches you geoagrahy while you have fun. Computers are a great thing to have. They help you learn about faraway places, talk to people who live faraway and play fun computer games. Computers are always going to be used and never put to waste. Theres always something you can do when you go on a computer."	5	4	9
1133	"Statistics show that more and more people every year are not geting their exercice and are on the computer talking to their frend on face book or my space or something like that. Will people go out side more or will they sit and type? Here is the @CAPS1 more and more people use computers, but not every one agrees that this benifits society. Those who suport advasas in tecnollogy belive that computers have a positive afect on peoples life. Well I @CAPS2 belive that it does not have a positive ofect on people. My reasons are that people who youse computers more dont get their exercise and get fater, and if you put Your name and adress on the computer their is a slite @CAPS3 that you will be kidnaped or murderd, my final reson is that you dont spend as much time with the familiy that you should. Obiseity in the @LOCATION1 has gone up at least @PERCENT1 because people arent geting thir exercise and are spending to much time on the computer @CAPS4. nothinka says that: ""Their are to meany People who dont get the exercise They need."" The @ORGANIZATION1 says ""@CAPS5 people like the internet but what people dont know is that thir are @CAPS5 bad people out their who whould like to get thir hands on your info."" @CAPS6 as you can see I @CAPS2 belive that it whould be a wise idea if you wrot a articol on tecnology. Because @ORGANIZATION1 obesity in america and @CAPS8 safty it is now or never that You wriet this articol it will probobly mack you hunders @ORGANIZATION1 dollers @CAPS6 get out @ORGANIZATION1 your @CAPS9 pick up your pencil and write. @CAPS5 people thik that Computers are fun yes but You are not reolisinig what Your doing. You chould be @NUM1 lbs one day and then be @NUM2 lbs the next. @CAPS6 remember that it whould not be abad thig if you wrote a articol on this."	3	4	7
1134	"Dear Newspaper, I believe that computers have a positive affect on society. I believe computers have a positive affect because they help us learn of faraway places, they help us communicate with friends and family all over the world, and computers help entertain people. The computer has a positive affect on society because on it you can learn of faraway places, their history, and you can learn of their landscape. By learning these things you can do a lot of things such as plan a vacation, this information can help you on a school report, also this information can help you learn of your heiratage & your culture. Also computers have a positive effect and are beneficial to society because they help you communicate with friends and family all over the world! You can communicate with anyone you know. Nowadays everyone uses the computer as their main form of communication. In a study it showed that @PERCENT1 of people in the world has a computer as a communication tool. Lastly computers are beneficial to society because they entertain us. On a computer you can do many things to never get bored. You can play games, surf the web, or you can watch videos on networks such as youtube. So on a computer you'll never be bored. The computer is beneficial and has a positive affect on society. The computer helps us learn of faraway places, it lets us communicate with friends and family all over the globe, and lastly the computer entertain us. Thats why the computer is beneficial to society."	4	4	8
1135	"What if you're family all and to talk to them percent of people commucate online, and thats not a bad thing. Heres the thing, are you for or against kids/parents online for too long. I am all for this. Reasons being are lots of kids have friends that they talk to online, secondly kids have homework/projects that they might have to look up online, and my last reason for this is, some family might have @CAPS1 ect, so they can communicate online. My first reason for this is, a lot of kids have friends online that can't text or even talk on the phone, so this is another easier way to talk to them. Did you know that most kids communicate online now. ""I think the internet is a great things, I mean I would rather have my kids online than outside roaring the and getting into troupe."" @CAPS2 @ORGANIZATION1. @NUM1 of @NUM2 kids are online communicating with others. Without a doubt, kids bring home projects and homework everyday right? Wouldn't you rather your kid looking up information online, then have them guessing and getting it wrong? I know that alot of children don't have computers, internet or essy, or maybe their got allowed online. That's why they. I remember the times when I had a project due at school, and I guessed on. that didn't do my grade any good. So then I decided the next time I have a project to do it on the internet. And it worked, I got a much better grade then I did on the one I guessed on. Lastly, mostly everybody has on the internet and would live to and with them while. So even stay online too often your not on it for a bad reason, your on to talk to your family."" @CAPS3 I got internet in my house, I barly ever got to talk to my family. But just then, my son me to get one, and I have the chance to talk to my family everyday. @CAPS2 a recent of a computer. Some people do say on the computer for too long at times, and don't get out on exercise the amount a humane should. or they don't get out of the house as much as they used to @CAPS3 they got the internet. Yes but, it's a good cause, it's not like because forever. Also it's being used for good. Not for anything bad. I think the internet is a great thing, and it puts a effect on many people. Reasons are, kids have friends online to talk too, ""lots of that needs internet, and last of people have family online to talk to so it's now or get out there and your best pick. The issue grapple with is if you for or against internet acess! So get out there, and change now."	4	4	8
1136	"Dear local Newspaper, I think that computers have a exellent benefit for people. First family friends can communicate from a far distance. Secondly typing on the computer gives people good hand and eye cordnation. Thirdly they give people the ability to learn about faraway places. Lastly it gives student a chance to research a topic they are learning about. Well @CAPS1 do you think? Researcher @PERSON1 said that almost @PERCENT1 of family's live faraway from eachother. computers give the ability for familys to communicate wether its aim or a webcam chat. Also out of the @PERCENT1 of familys that live faraway from each other @PERCENT2 use the computer to comunicate. Hand and eye cordination, some people type without looking and some people are really slow. Typing on a computer give the great hand and eye cordination. Good hand and eye cordination could be used for many things. For example, playing sports or even a simple task like throwing something in the trash. Lastly, have you ever wanted to learn about a place faraway from you live or have you ever researched a topic for school? Well I have. Computer give people the ability to learn about places faraway. For example in the third grade I had to research hammer head sharks. Don't teacher always ask their student to look up a word or a topic on the computer? As I have said before I think computers have a benifit on people. I hope that my three reasons of contacting family and friend and hand and eye cordnation and lastly researching has made you think it a good thing too. Thank you for taking time to read @CAPS1 I had to say and I hope you take it into concideration."	4	4	8
1137	"As you can see, technology these days is always getting more and more advanced. It seems as if there is a new invention that atracts many people to buy all the time. One electronic that has been useful in so many ways to people are the computers. Many think to much time is spent on this, but then I think about how much it's benefiting. Computers can tell you pretty much anything you need to know, @CAPS1 it's about same country, or how to solve a problem. @CAPS2, computers are so advanced were you can talk to friends who are faraway. Lastly computers is helping us giving very specific directions, rather than figuring out a map. Say you're doing a school project about a country. By typing in exactly what you need to know you can find your information in a heartbeat. @CAPS1 it's population, density, languages, foods or holidays, computers are the easiest and most simple way to get this information. Or maybe you just want to know about this country because it interested you. Maybe even you plan on visiting this country, you're going to want to know about the place you'll be spending your time. If you do plan on traveling to somewhere you've been researching, you can order your plane tickets right there online. You can figure out the routes you plan on taking, and this can help oprganize your trip. Another reason computers are benefiting so many people, is the feature of communicating with others, @CAPS1 it's taking to a faraway friend or family, or you're bestfriend a couple streets over; you probably still want to keep in touch with them. Computers are so advanced now, that they have webcams; were you can visually see the person your contacting right into the computer. This is a more exciting way to talk to someone, especially if it's someone you don't see often that @MONTH1 even live in another country, @CAPS2, most teenagers like to keep in touch pretty much every day. Usually kids like chatting on instant message just for the pleasure of talking to your friends. Finally, computers are benefiting us with knowing directions and routes. Like mentioned before, computers can give straight foward directions. This is esier to handle rather than useing a map while on the road. There are websites were all you have to do is type in your exact loocation and your exact destination and it will tell you specific roads and turns you need to take. In conclusion, those for who are worried about the ones who should be exercising, being outside, enjoying nature, should learn to expand there time doing so, and shortening time online, and learn to be on the computer, only when necessary."	5	4	9
1138	"Computers are an amazing technology to life. It'@CAPS1 amazing because the computer helps lots of people and jobs. The people it helps are kids in school to look up an area they need to find for a question on a worksheet. Also the jobs it helps us the police, @CAPS1.W.A.T and the @ORGANIZATION1. It helps the police and @CAPS1.W.A.T to find where people are and where they'll be. The @ORGANIZATION1 uses computers to locate where they will attack or defend. if it wasn't for computers we wouldn't of found @CAPS3 @CAPS4. The bad thing about computers are hackers and people that wont get off their computers. They are obssesed with the computer and they are so obssesed they sleep with the computer. That'@CAPS1 the parents fault. Those are the only bad things about computers. They get people fat an lazy because they only want to be on the computer. The computer also has good ways to reconnect with family and friends over the years you haven't seen them. The computer controlls lots of things like the nuclear bomb, security, secret-files, satalites, all of @CAPS5.A.@CAPS1.A. and more. They control life in the major part. People shouldn't be concerned about kids that sit there next to a computer all day because it'@CAPS1 the person'@CAPS1 fault, they ruined their lifes and the parent'@CAPS1 fault manly for not controlling their kid with staying away from the computer or the parents not signing them up for any sport. It ruines their life by having no friends at school an all they do is go straight for the computer. It'@CAPS1 an ashame to the father that use to be the cool kid, make fun of the nerds and get into fights every month. Then the father looks at his son an relises his son is a nerd and lives by a computer, then the father tryes to help the son and somewhat works out. Then the father keeps trying, thats good parenting to try to step it right when the child starts to go straight to the computer. Not the other parents that let their son/daughter only use the computer. Those are my opinions on computers of the good an bad ideas."	4	4	8
1139	"Dear @CAPS1, ""@CAPS2 at @CAPS3 killed in a horrific acident"" is the title that flashes across the screen. Then another, and another. What is supposed to be @NUM1 minutes grows into an hour or two that take away from your family. I can see why this @MONTH1 bring up many conflicts; as computers can be very helpful. However, I feel that more often they negatively impact the general public. For one, there are many sites out there that portray false information. Plus, computers begin to consume the rest of peoples' lives. When it comes to these technological devices there are pros but there the cons can easily outweigh them. To start, computers are loaded with viruses, scams and internet predators. So easily someone can steal credit and information by placing offers that seem ""too good to be true."" @CAPS4 you listen to your instincts, then you'll know that they are. But, many people who don't know any better fall for these traps. In fact, @NUM2 out of @NUM3 people have been scammed some time in their life I can clearly remember when someone. I know thought they were buying a pair of boots. Later That day, they got a call from the credit card company warning them about the purchase. These days you have to be so careful when you're on the computers. When my friends and I were learning about evaluating websites in computer processing class we came upon a site that seemed reliable, and accurate. We were all shocked when we learned that everything about it was fake. Computers can put people who @MONTH1 not know any better at risks. I strongly feel that sites like these and many others have a negative impact on the public. in addition, computers steal much of peoples' time to the point where family, 'doing homework and exercising is limited. I can understand the effects of too much exposure to computers because I see it everyday with my younger brother. Once he begins his video interactive games, homework is pushed a side. The only words from his mouth are, ""@CAPS5, just one more game!"" I suppose you can infer how this turns out: one game, turns two and so on. It isn't only children either. Many of my own friends are update status or pictures on @CAPS6 for three hours every night. Isn't their a point where we can draw the line. between going on for ten minutes and letting the computer control your life? When surveyed ;the majority of students said that they spent at least two hours on the computer every night. When games and instant messaging starts to take away from studying and exercise there is a huge issue. Computers take away peoples' free time and can negatively impact their grades and fitness. So, I ask you to consider the benefits of computers; but also look for the negative effects. You will realize that their are more than you would believe. Support me on this by limiting usage of computers and by helping the public see the dangers that these technological devices @MONTH1 bring. Computers can harm relationships, finances and your personal life more than you would think!"	6	5	11
1140	"I do not believe computers benefit society. Many people spend their life on their computer instead of exercising, going out with friends, or spending time with family. @NUM1? Of @CAPS1 will agree they spend at least @NUM2 hours a day on their computer. Which is unneccessary. Why is there so much obesity in the world nowadays? Because of a lack of @CAPS3. And who is the #@NUM3 cul? Computers of course. In order for more people to maintain healthy, there needs to be a lot of @CAPS3. When someone can sit around all day clicking a mouse or typing keys in, how much @CAPS3 are they really getting? Plus, there are many different disorders in the world. @PERCENT1 inf will agree that with more @CAPS3, these sometimes painful disorders could be avoided. Too many people are choosing their computer overexercise and it them many health problems that could've easily been avoided. Secondly, everyone would agree that friends are essential in life. But now people are talknig to their friends online or in computer games instead of going to the them. Online there is much more which often break up friendship. Also, online you new people or make as many new friends. @CAPS2 you go and have many more friends, which makes life in general much better. Finally, you wouldn't wants families become would you? Well, this is one of the many effects the @CAPS2 members of a family get together which could weaken them as a family. Plus, husbands and wives could not talk very often, often leading in separation or devorce. This could make a child have in decide between a whole family to @CAPS3, friends, and family are essential in life, and computers put those in jeopardy. So take a stand and end this reign for good, stop the use of computers before it is too late."	5	5	10
1141	"Dear editor, Have you ever used a computer? Odds are you have, which means you know how convienient and positive computers are. Did you know @PERCENT1 of all @CAPS1 use computers regularly? These technological marvels provide many ways to communicate and learn, showing computers have an extremely positive effect on people. Who hasn't ever played a game on a computer? Computers provide many forms of entertianment, such as games, music, and videos. I once has to drive @NUM1 hours to see my grandma in @LOCATION1. The only thing that kept me away from the grasp of boredom during the trip was my portable computer, that I played games and watched movies on. Critics of computers argue that people who use computers do not ever participate in physical activities. Of course, try exercising when you are crammed in a car traveling @NUM2 @CAPS2, which is computers positively affect me. It was @NUM3 on a @DATE1 @TIME1, and my mother was just about to have a baby. Unfortunately, none of my relatives were there to witness this baby coming into the world because the all live on the other side of the @LOCATION2 @CAPS3, this minor set back did not prevent them from seeing the @LOCATION1 baby, and thanks to computers, they didn't even have to leave their homes. This is because computers offer many ways to be social, such as social networking sites. Within @NUM4 hours after the baby was born. there were many pictures and videos up on these social networking sites that let everyone enjoy my @LOCATION1 baby sister. Computers make life convienient for all. Last but not least, computers are not only a fine tool for school, but are necessary to succeed with your education. One snows day in @DATE2, I was assigned a research paper on @PERSON1. Too bad I didn't know one thing about @PERSON1, so I asked my mom to drive me to the library to take out some books for my report but due to the snow, the library's power went out and therefore they were closed. This was not an issue, though, beacuse I only had to spend @NUM5 minutes on a computer searching for information, instead of spending hours browsing through countless pages in a book. Thanks to computers, I received an A on my report. Overall, computers serve many helpful purposes for people. These marvelous machines can provide entertainment, socialize with people around the world, and even provide information on any topic you would like. @ORGANIZATION1 readers, now you understand why computers are positive for your lives and everyone elses. I encourage all of you to spread this message to everyone, so they know all the benefits to using computers."	4	4	8
1142	"Dear Newspaper, i am writing you this letter, about computers, in the hope that you will publish it. Over @NUM1 the people in @LOCATION1 has a computer, but are they really healthy? I don't believe computers are a good thing. People spend to much time on them & less time excirsing, enjoying nature & most of all, it's highly dangerous. I don't believe computers are a good thing because people don't excersise like they did. Some people spend @NUM2 out of @NUM3 hours in a daw on computers for others it's there whole life. People spend so much time on computers they lose touch with the outside world. Ever since computers came out, obestity has gone up. all people do is chat to other people & think ""they don't have to know what I look like.""They sit at the computer eating & eating. That's not healthy. I dont think computers are good also because they spend less time enjoying nature. It used to be when I had somoe free time, I could call up a friend & ask them to take a walk with me somewhere & they'd say ""sure! Now they say ""@CAPS1 get on the computers & we can take a virtual walk."" That's not the same as an actual walk with the wind in your face the fresh smell, & all the animals, at least not to be. Nature is a thing of beauty & if you don't enjoy appreciate it, it'll turn into something hideous. Nature used to be the most peaceful think now it the internet. I dont think computers are good because most importantly they're dangerous. Little kids, like myself, think they're grown up & go on computers & meet rapist, murderer, thiefs, all kids of criminals. Also people send hurtful & violent things to each otehr & it yo're on the computer alot of bad people can track you down. Also, the military & @ORGANIZATION1 keeps secrets on computers but if your smart enough you can hack it. Computers aren't safe for anyone or anything. Well, I've told you my main @NUM4 reasons why I think computers aren't such great things, they're not healthy, emotionally or physically. People don't excirse they don't enjoy nature & computers are highly dangerous. All I can do is hope you publish my letter so everyone can see my point of view & make their own decisions. "	4	4	8
1143	"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 you think computers have a positive or negative effect on people? In my opinion, I would say that computers have negative effects on us. This is because we would get less exercise, less time to enjoy nature, and interacting with family and friends. If your on the computer most of the time at home, how would you get your exercise? You wouldnt because the whole time you would be stuck sitting down at the desktop. This is also a proble because this is how obeseity can occur from no exercies, and just sitting all day. Or people who have heart problems nad need exercise can worsen by being distracted by the computer. Being home on the computer does not let you enjoy nature. Instead of going outside in the warm wheather, having fun people are staying home. This is not good because they should be out having fun, not on the computer all day. Missing time with family and frinds is unexeptable when your on the computer. This is because yar supposed to keep your family and friends company and not daze off on what your doing on the computer. Also you miss family gatherings or leave yar friends lonley. Thats because yar to busy on the camourar nad not paying attention to anyone arand you. This is why I think computers have a negative effect on people. This is because of less exercise, less time to enjoy nature, and interacting with family and friends."	4	4	8
1144	"Do you think computers benifit us? I think they do. There are many way computers do and don't benifit us are a lot more use full then the way they don't. Like kids in school use an online text books. Also a lot of company's have websites so we can see what there about before we choose them for the job. We also use computers to look up directions to places we want to go so we don't get lost. School kids benifit from computers a lot because they would have to carry home tons of books but instead they just go on the computer to get the online book instead of carrying home @NUM1 really heavy books. I know I like to go on the computer better then carrying really heavy books home. Also when you look for a home decorator you just go on the computer and look up websites to see some of the work they have done. It helps out a lot becase than you don't have to figure of the hard way that the decorator is not good and end up spending a lot of money on a room you don't like. Also if you are looking for a job you can look up there website on the computer and avail them to see if you can get an interview rather then wasting your nature going there. I also use the computer to look up ways to get some where and it's a lot easier to do that then to start driving and get lost I know they have gps's now but they cost a lot more then some on a computer you can find out. I still think computers benifit us in many ways. Like using an online text book instead of carrying your huge textbooks home. Also using computers to look up websites or to search adresses, is a lot easier with computers. That is why I think computers benefit us."	4	4	8
1145	"Dear Readers of the Local Newspaper, More and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society. Those who support advance in technology believe that computers have a positive affect on people. They teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, and even allow people to talk online with other people. Others have different ideas. Some experts are concerned that people are spending to much time in their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with family and friends. I agree with those experts because many people take the computer serious and always want to be on. Though the @CAPS3 users think there is nothing, negative about using the computers but there is. Such as increase light bill payment, obesity and like the experts said, ""@CAPS1 time interacting with family and friends."" @CAPS2, @CAPS3 users of the computer cause light bill because if the user are constantly on, then computer must cnstantly be on, when the computer in constantly on, it causes the light bill to increase. I can connect to that because I used to be a @CAPS3 user of the computer and my guardian would yell at me because of it. Ever since I had brought down the habbit od being a @CAPS3 user my guardian has stated the light bill gas decreased. Another reason why @CAPS3 user of the computer must decrease thier habbit is because of obesity. Obesity is when a man or women is overwieght. My imaginary friend is a @CAPS3 user in my imagination. He is light many others, he never exerciszes with his friends because he is constantly on the computer. Last but not least,@CAPS3 begin to slack on interesting with friends and family. As I stated in paragraph two that I used to be a @CAPS3 user. I myself wouldn't accept invitation to couldn't go to movies with friends and I wouldn't help around the house. These were the main three thing I wouldn't do. Then I learned to not abuse the computer, not waste my time on it. but I also learned to be responsible with it. That's what I think many @CAPS3 should do to. In conclusion, being sa constantly user is not healthy because it many cause obesity. Also, a @CAPS3 user increased light bill, and wont spend time interacting. "	4	4	8
1146	"Dear @CAPS1, I have recently heard over @CAPS2 @NUM1 @CAPS3 that that people believe comuters have different effects on people. To the past computers have caused problems with the human body. Amny @CAPS5 are becoming to on computers. So in my question I believe computers have a neagtiove on. First of all computers have caused @CAPS5 to not exercise and become unhealthy. @NUM2 out of @NUM3 @CAPS5 have said they are their @CAPS5 are spending to each time on the computer. @CAPS5 need to realize that sitting on a computer @CAPS4 is a danger to their health you don't want you @CAPS5 to have eye problems in the do you? To the to be on the computer to much and just for work, but for playing games I realize enough I need to stop and go out and exercise to keep well-balanced health @PERSON1 says, ""@CAPS4 technology increases the more and more people we have given glasses too."" @CAPS5 need to make changes to what they do during the. So @CAPS4 I somputers because @CAPS5 are not become unhealthy. My people do not spend @CAPS4 much time with family and friends. In the pase my mon used to yell at me. @PERCENT1 of people believe is very important did you know that. Computers keep your divorce could have from computer. People need to within families because it decrease interaction with. My last reason is that people are not. @NUM4 ot of @NUM3 people enjoying nature you a chance to express your thought. Many people need time to think about what is happening in their life and they cannot do this our internet. TO the past stressed because I never had a to just relax and think about things I computer doing something or homework. @PERCENT2 of people who have to much going life believe that they. Do you now see that nature can be helpful? So @CAPS4 you can see computers have a negative effect because people don't get enough time to enjoy nature. To conclusion I believe computers have a huge negative effect on people. The reasons why be people would be less active, people will not interact @CAPS4 well & people enjoy nature. So I strongly you to vote being a negative effect."	5	5	10
1147	"Dear, Local Newspaper writer I believe that computers benefit our society because we could connect to people more faster and easier. And computers @CAPS1 good for our society because of we don't have to spend to much time on the phone. That @CAPS1 why I think computers benefits our society. ""@CAPS1 computers a good thing or bad thing?"" Computers are a good thing because you could email your family or friends any time you want too. But sometimes we don't have to be on the computer so long. That @CAPS1 why I think computers are a good thing. Without computers it will be different because you have to talk to people on the phone or text message. In my opinion I am really thankful that we have computers. And on computers you could go on everything like @ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS2, @CAPS3, @CAPS4, and even work on the computer. That @CAPS1 without computers it will be different. I think people are not spending to much time on the computer"", because a lot of people on the computer to do office work. Computer make things a lot easier for us! But sometimes people take advantage over it. That @CAPS1 why I feel people are not spending too much time on the computer. Last but not least that @CAPS1 why I know computers benefit's our society."	4	3	7
1148	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I think that children are spending to much time on the computer for the wrong reasons. I say this because all young children and teenagers want to do is get on to @CAPS3 and @CAPS4 all day instead of reaserching and things like that. I have three reason's why I think going on the computer for the wrong reasons instead of exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with family and friend is a @CAPS5 first reason is because it is very dangerous and there are sometimes kidnappers on the chat room. @CAPS5 second reason is because their taking time away from trying to learn stuff off the internet. @CAPS5 final reason is because the interact influences violence. There are @CAPS5 three reason, on to here more. @CAPS5 reason number one why I say people are spending to much time on the internet is because it is dangerous. Young teenagers and children all enter a chat room online. Most of the time that is bad because kidnappers lie about their information so that you can meet up with them and then they take you away. So instead of being on the chat room you could be on the computer looking on the daily news or searching like that. This is why I say that the internet is not alway good to be on all the time if you aren't or learning about the nation. @CAPS5 second reason why I that speding too much time on the computer all the great sometimes is its taking away from your come in the and go to the computer instead of doing their homework on reading. @CAPS6 like computer sometimes more than they like is learned and thats not good because not knowing I could if they got up their is on the computer for educational games but they dont. reason why I am concerned that people using the computer a lot. @CAPS5 final reason why I am concerned about people using the computer to much is because the internet on the computer can influence @CAPS6 to be violent in @CAPS5 ways all games and going on yo all the that affects the world if they keep seeing violence and things in that nature frequently. I say this because in this generation when they see violence it gives an image in more need and then @MONTH1 think its cool to do it because it @CAPS6 like @CAPS3 more than a book on the computer more than a look. When young teens see violence on the computer @MONTH1 think it's cool. This is @CAPS5 final reason why I was concerned that people are spending too much time on the computer. So these one some of the main reasons why I say that the computer is not always a good because people spend a much time on them."	4	4	8
1149	"I walked into my living room. I saw my brother on the computer talking to his friends on facebook. I thought to my self he's always on the computer never for any school reason. People always says we don't need computers I personaly agree with the statement. In the town @ORGANIZATION1 everybody mostly has computers. Without a computer to look up for content things, you have to go to the library and check out a bank. Just the other @DATE1 my friend @PERSON1 went to the library and checked out a book about the @CAPS1 culter. He loved that book he read it @DATE1 in and @DATE1 out, he read it for a book report on different culters. When he handed it into the teacher the @DATE1, when he reached the classroom the teacher looked @CAPS2 happy when she gave him back his test he had an @NUM1. He didn't use the internet your computers not mobile like a book if you wanted to learn about something while your traveling in you car you can't plug your computer in and use it unlike a book. Also books are usually funnier to read. Not haveing a computer can conclude to a lot more things like exercising. While my brother is inside all @DATE1 me and my friends are outside playing football, basketball, baseball, soccer, kirkball, and dogeball. We are very thin because @CAPS3 what we do almost every @DATE1. Unlike my brother were he is obeast because @CAPS3 all he done were before he had the computer he was as thin as us. It is also unhealth to be on the computer all @DATE1 because that can lead to staying update at night, don lead to missing the bus, and also lead to bad grades. Where when we are done with are gaine we whatch a little t.v.. then go to sleep to regain our energy we usually have atleast @NUM2 hrs. of sleep ever @DATE1 which lets us make it through school. We also make the right choses in food to eat to have more energy such as fruit and vegitibales. Were my brother eats all the junk food which helped lead to obesity. Not having a computer can help you spend more time with your family. When we go out to eat my brother is always in a push to get back on to the computer dosen't let us enjoy our food. He usually is @CAPS2 much in a rush he picks off of other people's @CAPS2 they would be finished faster, when every one wants to enjoy then food. When we want to go out to the movies my brother stays home on the computer. Even if we buy a movie and whatch it at home he won't whatch it with us he's on the computer. It really makes my mom, dad, brothers, and sisters mad that he won't do any thing but play on the computer. Even when are whole family gose out side to play a sport he won't come out and play. It's like he's not part of the familiy anymore. Its like he forgot we were even @CAPS3 the reason why I think computes should be in the state of @LOCATION1. If can lead to and relly bad grades. @CAPS2 if you want your kids healthier, better grades, and spend more time with your family then ethier sell your computer or This is happening all over the world."	5	5	10
1150	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1 have effects on people and there lifes. Cause alot of people as in children spend there time after school plan games, myspace, facebook and there e-mail address. Instead of going on computers. I think that children and adults should go-out and have good time theres not a problem with going on the computer once and awhile but if you spend all days on a computer then thats pretty bad. Adults shouldnt let there children spend all day on a computer and adults shouldn't eather because it went help you life. Computers could mess your life up by choices you make and pictures you put up and things you write up there such as if you have a myspace or facebook and you put bad pictures up in you furture when you want a good job they could just look back at that and say look at this I don't want this person working for me. and there you go messing up your furture. instead of going on the computer all the time you could go outside do sports to keep your body health and go out in the world and learn new things or even plan trips to go on with your family walk around and stuff like the instead of going on the computer's and putting your self at risk of looseing job or messing up your future. You shouldn't let computer's mess your life up because if you do then your life want be the same children could mess there life up because things they wrote or pictures they put up witch other kids could see and be mean to them and talk about them fot the rest of there school year or things could lead to a fight over one little word you said or picture you put up because you thought it was cute. Sex offenders are on computers and some people don't even no it intill they get tookin away or killed. Parents don't always no when there is sex offender around or online talking to you or your children trying to go meet up with them. They also could put fake pictures up to try to get you to speak to them or to get you to meet them some where so they could take you. so you shouldn't let the computers get to you."	4	4	8
1151	"Dear, @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS1 opinion is getting out of mind. They're people who are getting addicted to to @CAPS2, such as games, websites, communication and email websites and etc. Therefore, they're people who are just plain addicted to the computer, such as @CAPS3. I know people who are addicted on @CAPS3 because, they get addicted to talking to people, and looking at other people. So they dont cooperate correctly with there school work (so they get bad grades) or they loose connection with family members and friends (so they become lonely and depressed). Then thier only friend is the computer. Also other effects on the computer is if your addicted to a website (in generaal) you can get out of shape, because your not spending enough time excersing, there is already enough people in @LOCATION1 that is obesed and it is already a add on to the problem. I read online than in @LOCATION1 is obesed. So computers are a addiction waiting to happen. Therefore people need to start spending time friends and start excersing and stay away from the computer."	3	3	6
1152	"Dear, news paper I think computers are good, this is because you can learn thing's about faraway places using them, you can also hear about the most recent news and you can communicate with people. In school a lot of the research projects on other places focus on other places around the world. When you use a computer you can read articles about the place and also get pictures and use them in a slideshow or photo story. Their are also educational websites that kids can go on to learn their math facts to multuplication tables @CAPS1 the computer is a good learning tool. The computer can keep you up-to-date with the news to! their are news website that post minute to minute things about world news and tell the world what kind of desaster happened in some far away place on the other side of the world. A lot of the time families are spread all over the world, you can chat with family or friend's that have moved by a simple chat room and you can catch up on what has been happening in each other's lives and that's a good tool for family to stay in touch @CAPS1 the computer has lots of benefits that a lot of people all around the world can use, from learning. About a faraway country to chatting with cuson that lives in california and also knowing whats going on in your own home town."	3	4	7
1153	"Dear Local Newspaper, Have you ever wondered how to get somewhere and you didn't have a map or @CAPS1 near you and the only thing that was the near you was a @CAPS3. Well I am saying you should go on it and search were you want to go. Computers are very helpful in every one's daily life they have so many facts and interesting things on them, @CAPS2 about again trying to figure out were someone lives it's very easy, go on google and type in someones's adress and there you go. The @CAPS3 is also very good because have you ever thought about one of your friends or a special someone and you havent seen them in like a really long time and you miss them well no problem mostley all computers have some sort of camera in them were you could video chat or just chat regular on the enternet. That is very helpful because even though you could just go on the phone and call them it's better to do it online because how about if you havent seen them you want to see a picture of them they could just send it to you on some sort of chat page or just your email. It is so much better then mailing one picture in the mail and it takes days for the mail to come if you could do it the faster way on line and on video chat it will be better.. The @CAPS3 is also very helpful because how about one day you want to go some were and you dont know what the weather is going to be well you could go to put on the tv and see but there is so many communications and you cant really see because they move the weather days fast. On the @CAPS3 you could type the weather in for one week and it will tell you and you could look at it for as long as you want and it will stay there so you could see the whole week without the screen having fast as the image is not in the light light or if it's to dark. The @CAPS3 is so helpful. People do say that it is good to get off the @CAPS3 and go for a walk outside in nature I do agree with that but people and children do get their exercising by walking around the house and going outside going shopping. Computers are helpful and nice and another thing is say one day you are online and you are looking at clothes or shoes and you want to buy them but you dont want to go to the mall a half hour away from were you live you could just buy them online and they will be shipped to your house and you dont even have to lift a fingure. They are also good because they have like a dictionary on it were if you dont know how to spell a word you type it in the best way you can and it corrects your spelling and tells you what the word is, also the computers have pictures of everything, if you want to see how something looks like you can type it in and shows you. with all the facts I have given you I hope you agree with me that computers are very helpful nice and safe."	5	4	9
1154	"Dear @CAPS1 times, @CAPS2 you think computers benefit society? Well I think so! There are countless reasons why computers are both resourceful and helpful. Many citizens in our own community of watertown think computers are a great resource for many things while others disagree with this completely. Computers can benefit society because you can learn many new things on the internet, also you can interact with your friends and family, and lastly there are many applications used for business. On both a computer and the internet there are more than @NUM1 million things you can learn. When you are struggling with homework a computer is a great resource. You can quickly open @CAPS3.com and search any topic at any time. For example, if you did not know a conversion it is easily found on the internet. Another thing you can be taught or informed about is news. There are websites such as nytimes.com and cnn.com that give you daily news. I personally use these websites weekly. On the computer you can find vacation sports you want to learn about and go to. When my family was planning our trip to @ORGANIZATION1 in @LOCATION1 we used the computer constantly. In the end, computers can teach you many things. Secondly you can interact with people on the internet in many ways. These include social networking websites, webchat and email. Social networking websites are a great way to connect to family members and friends from the past. Websites that were created for this include: facebook, myspace, and twitter. These free websites let you add friends, send messages, and post pictures. Web chatting is a way to video people. You can personally see someone from acroos the @ORGANIZATION1 from your webcam. Lastly, emailing is a great way to inform people. You can write a visual letter to one of your friends. In conclusion, the computer is one excellent way to interact. Lastly, the computer is used for business. An application called microsoft office is used in countless bussinesses, microsoft office word, powerpoint, excel and @CAPS4. Each of these are used to plan, sell, present, manage, and write about products. Microsoft is something you should download in the near future. Business also use webchatting, as I previously state, for conference calls. A production company can be face to face with a company from china without being in the room with them. This makes it much easier than to fly half way across the @ORGANIZATION1. Finally, computers are used when manufacturing a product in or at a business. Work sites such as @CAPS5 companies use computers to control their machines. I know that the @ORGANIZATION2 factory uses computers in their factory due to the fact that I watche the show unwrapped about them on @CAPS5 @CAPS6. In the end computers are a necessary item in a business. In conslusion, computers have a great affect on people. The can teach people many new and exciting things they did not know. Also, connect humans with each from half way across the @ORGANIZATION1. Lastly, businesses would not run well without a computer. Computers can benefit society because you can learn many new things on the internet. Also you can interact with your friends and family, and there are many applications used for business. If I were an expert I would have nothing to worry about concerning computers. They are a magnificent thing. @CAPS2 you have the same belief and understanding as me?"	5	5	10
1155	"The use of computers is definetly correct. It is helpful, you can discover new things and much more. Computers makes peoples lives just so much simpler. Computers can help people in magnificent ways by looking for things you despretly need. Like if you were a student and you had to write a paper on @PERSON1. The computer has internet and that like billions of facts @PERSON1 and much more information about every thing. It can be helpful also by looking up the wheather, the new, even things that are happening around the world and even answering questions you have. Discovering things on the computer is something that happens every day. For example I read an article about the @CAPS1 and the @CAPS2 @CAPS3 the next day my teachers gave us a pop quiz on that and I got @NUM1. If a computer can get somebad a @NUM1 on their test think of what else it could do for the world. It might even help sae lives. Of course a computer can be helpful. In way like cheeking the score from yesterdays game, see whats going on in your community, watch videoes, hear music, talk to your friends, relatives get information on places, medical stuff. A computer can basicly do every thing from looking up the games scores to saving a life. The use of computers is, obviously the best dicision."	3	4	7
1156	"Dear @CAPS1, I believe that computers do have a positive effect on people. They give you the ability to talk to people online not just your friends but also family that live far away, they also allow you to do any kind of work that can't be done by hand and even allow people to learn about far away places and people. First of all, computers have a positive effect on people. They give you the ability to talk to people online not just your friends but also families that live far away. For example half of my family live in @LOCATION1 and my mom uses internet to communicate with them. Secondly, computers have a positive effect on people. They allow you to do homework that cant be done by hand. Such as essays that have to be typed and can't be hand written, and projects for school. Lastly, computers have a positive effect on people. Computers allow people to learn about far away places and people. For example, when I first came into this country, I didn't know much about it, so I did some research and learn great things about it. In conclusion, computers have an effect on people. They give you the ability to talk to people online not just your friends but also families that live far away, they also allow you to do any kind of work that can't be done by hand, and even allow people to learn about faraway places and people"	4	4	8
1157	"Dear @CAPS1, I believe computers are a huge benefit to society. I myself have a computer; it is very important and useful to me. Over @PERCENT1 of the families in our town own at least one computer. Computers are a great source of information. They also allow you to talk to people, even if they are far away. They are also very convenient and easy to use, in mu opinion. Based on these positives, @CAPS3't you agree with my opinion? Computers are a great source of information. Unlike books, which you must find and buy, there is an enormous amount of information just a mouse click away! With computers, you can learn about far away places and people without having to visit or talk to them. Let me compare this to a book. Let's say you wanted to do research on @PERSON1. You would have to go to the library and search for a book about him. And what would you do if you couldn't find one about him? With a computers you could type ""@CAPS2 of @PERSON1"" into a search engine and receive of information in under a minute! I love saving time, and computers help me do that. They also augment the information I use. Another astounding development in computer technology is that you can talk to other, no matter where their location is. Email is extremely faster than writing a letter. having to pay to travel. Who @CAPS3't like that? Computers are very convenient. You can surf the internet, talk to people, and much more from the comfort of your bedroom. There are jobs that you can do from home on a computer. No need to go anywhere to work. My uncle is one of those people. He is s stockbroker, and operates his whole job from the computer in his house. It is a convenient and a well-paying job. I asked him what he thought of his job. He said, ""I love my job because I can work when I want to work, and from the comfort of my home."" @CAPS3't you want to have his job? I would most definately. In conclusion, computers are very beneficial to us. Did you know computers were first invented by @ORGANIZATION1 to perform calculations that were very long? Look at what they have involved into @DATE1. They bring us information at amazing speeds. They let us talk to people all over the world. They are very convenient. These are major benefits to society, and everybody should embrace computers."	5	5	10
1158	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I think computers have a good effect on people and not a bad effect. I think this for three reasons. My first reason is that they relieve stress. Without a computer in my opinion things would be a lot more stressful. With a computer you can easily look things up without wasting time or being stressed out by having to look for something. My second reason for thinking computers have a good effect on people is technology. Without technology things would be so much harder. Without computers it would be harder to neatly type assignments, print out pictures, and getting information. If we didn't have technology as in computers I think a lot or things would go wrong. My third reason for thinking computers have a good impact on people is that without them factories would crash. i say this because if you think about it could in a factory is ran by some type of computer. Without that computer telling the machines what to do everything practically wouldn't work! without the computer everything would become so time consuming that no one would want to get the work done. These are my three reasons why I think computers have a good effect on people."	3	3	6
1159	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 is your opinion on computers? Are they good or bad? Computers, have not been around that long but it is contrivertal wiether it has a positive or negative effect. True they do help people research certain topics but they are also hazardous. I believe computer are not a neccesity to people. Computers are uneeded because people spend way to much time on them, then we begin lack exercise, and they become hazardous to everyone. First, computers are not a neccesity because people send way to much time on them. Once you are on a computer for over an hour to an hour -and-a-half the computer will start to effect you in negative ways. For one your eyes will begin to hurt. If you stay on longer than that you will start to get a head-ach. Soon your head-ach wil turn so bad you cant bare it. It will pound and feel as if its on fire. This happens because your brain cannot take in the brightness of the computer and @CAPS2 your reading or seeing at the same time. Most of the time this happens eventually you will lock yourself in time a darkroom to rest. Sometimes you don't get off till they have a stomach-ach too. After they get off and feel better they go back on to repeat the process. This is why, computer are an obstruction to us. Next, people begin to lose exercise. After being on the computer for so long all they have time to do is eat, sleep, and go to work or school. Computer have deprived everyone of the outside. They don't want to go out and get exercise and play around. Living in those conditions can only lead to one thing, obysity. Soon you will become fat. Life will become tough. And being fat also has a negative effect. For one you cannot run very long, you become weak, and for kids you stop growing. But the worst is you will not live as long as you would if you were healthy. So you see computers are a nucence to our society. Finally, computers are hazardous to the envirnment. There are @NUM1 billion people in the world. At anytime about @NUM2 billion are on some sort of electronic device. When you are on a computer, have you ever noticed the hot air blowing out of the fan. Now, have you ever thought were this heat goes. Well, it makes holes in the ozon layer and causes global warning. The ozon layer is the only thing keeping the sun's ultra-violent rays from scorting us. Now if everytime some turns on a computer @NUM3 of the ozon layer disapeared and @NUM2 billion people are on that would be @NUM2 billion mm gone from our atmosphere. Now think about global warming. If the ozon layer is like a bubble, the heat is trapped inside. So this heat will eventually heat up the earth. This will cause the @CAPS3 to melt and then the sea will rise. The @CAPS3 has enough water in it to flood the earth. Do you reall want that. Eventually we would drown and life would seece to exist. As you can see computer are a nucents. They hypnotize the young children and adults. They be helpful but more hazardous. Sometimes we don't even relize this. Computers are bad because people spent to much time on them, people lose exercise, and they are hazardous to us."	3	5	8
1160	"I would like to state on my behalf that I do not agree that computers are good for society. There are three reasons why I do not agree. Many people will not enjoy the outdoors, @CAPS1 people will spend @CAPS1 there time on the computer, and a lot of people will gain wheight to inactivity. When you sit on a computer you dont get off of for a while, why, because you are haveing fun. when you are haveing fun you will not stop wat you are doing, @CAPS2 dont pay attention. Eventually you will get hooked and play on the computer rather than go outside and have fun with your friends. @CAPS4 will just take up all of your time. @CAPS2 when you are bored you find anything that you can possibly do, rather than be bored. Many people are thinking this is a good time to go on the computer but @CAPS3 you bored you will stay on the computer until you have something to do. My mother always tells me when im bored not stay home because @CAPS4 will get worse. There is always something you can do that dosn't you just have to look harder. My last reason is that when you sit at a computer and you are fingers, you gain your wheight you I read @NUM1 children in every years will be obese, not because @CAPS4 runs in the family but because of inactivity. Inacitivity means not active activity. @CAPS3 you calories you will gain weight @CAPS6 wheight is unhealthy and you can stop the problem by just finding something spend your whole life on the computer. In conclusion you @MONTH1 have mixed thaught's @CAPS3 you ever want to go on the computer all the time. @CAPS4 doesnt matter @CAPS3 you go on just dont all the time. But remember my reasons why not to spend too much time. You will not enjoy the outdoors, find something else to do when you are and you will gain wheight @CAPS3 you spend all your time on the computer. "	4	4	8
1161	"Dear local newspaper, The question that everyone is asking is do computers benefit to society. I used to think they didn't benefit to society but now I think they do. I think this because, one good place to get information, two we live in a technological advanced society, and three you can keep in touch with people that are at the other side of the world. so do computers really benefit to our society? Computers are a valuable resorce for me when I need to get information. For example, in my recent project in social studies class I need to go on the computer to get information on the subject. Also if you need facts on something and you can't go to the libary the computer has the same information. Also the computer is helpful when trying to find maps to a certain place or a phone number to a store. The computer is and always will be a great source of information. In the @DATE1 technology is a huge part of society. For example the first computer that came out was this huge block that when you did something on it you would put in cardboard card. Now we havethin and small portable computers. So knowing how to use a computer is vital to keep up with the @DATE1. So are you going to let technology pass you by? Computers are one of the best ways to keep in touch. For example if you call someone across the world your phone bill will sky rocket. But if you go on a website like facebook you can talk for free. Also another way to chat with people is by A.I.M. Another free way to talk to people. What same person wouldnt want to talk to their friends and family acroosthe worl, for free? The reasons I have given you are valid reasons with deatails. Technology is like a train are you going to live it."	4	4	8
1162	"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, I am writing a letter to you saying that I think its a bad idea for you to make kids stay off of computers because it does teach kids something, it good to do homework on and you can relax when your on it. Well computers teaches kids a lof of things like hand-eye coordination. If kids want to work with computers when there older they can learn new to work with it. There is also websites that can show you how to move yor hands when using a computer. Well when kids come from school always have homework, @CAPS2 you need to do it on the comptuer so if you couldn't use computers it would be hard for kids to do there homework. So when they go to school and the class tells the teacher they dont have computers what are they going to do. So when I get out of school and I had a very long day. I go home do my homework and go on the computer and listen to music to relax. If you guy were to take computers away every one would be grumpy all the time. That is why I think you should keep computers and not exercise as much. We get enuf of that in school carry all these heveay books around."	3	3	6
1163	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, Computers do put possitive affect on people and it also teaches us. So I think computers are very important and they are needed in people lives. We learn information about the world and about what is going on. It also helps us comunicate with friends and family. Lastly it can help us gather information for homework and projects. First, while we are on the computer it tells us baout the world and different countries. The computers tell us how the war is and about what the president is doing. The computer also gives us information about local news such as weather, traffic reports and if there has been a crime that has happended. We also can find out about the stockmarket which is very important to many people. Second, the computer gives the ability to talk with friends and family. AIM, @CAPS3, and @CAPS4 are all different ways to interact with each other. Also if we didn't hand something in at school we could always just e-mail our teachers the information that they might need by a spacific date, if a student forgets what the homework was we can just ask on the computer. Many people find old friends that they haven't seen in years, and getting to see them again and how their family is, it could make someone feel happy about knowing that their old friend has grown happy. Lastly, if students have project or homework that they need information on the computer could always help. On the computer there is a lot of information about people, places, thing, and anything you want to know. The computer gives you answer to question you @MONTH1 have. You can get pictures and information of the thing you are looking up. It also gives you location and dates of different events that have happened in what you are looking up. Computers are very useful when it comes to sudents education. In conclusion, Computers are a very important part of everyones life. To learn about information that is happening in the world, to talk to friends or family, and to help with school work. Even if people aren't exercising they are increasing their education by finding information. You can still enjoy nature, but not as much as ussuall; you still spend time with family and friends by comunicating on the computer. Computers are one of the gratest inventions, and does have a positive effect on people. "	4	4	8
1164	"Dear Newspaper, In my opinion, I think computers do benefit society. One reason is because people can learn about new things, it makes life a little easier then it is, and lastly, people can meet new people while they're on the computer. First off, we can benefit from computers because we can learn new things. People can find places that they've never heard of, or they can see whats going on in the world. Computers can help kids that are in school who want to learn new things. Computers help you find out important information that you might need to know in the future. Secondly, having computers in our society can make life a little easier for some people. On computers, you can order things from online websites instead of trying to go out and buy them. For people with no transportation, this'll help make their lives a little easier than it is. Or, for example, if a person wants to buy something that isn't in stores yet, they can go online, and they might have it up there. Lastly, having computers can help you meet new people. If someone just moved from another town or state, this will help them meet new people. Or if a student doesn't know anybody from their new school, they might find them online and then they'll be able to get to know each other. In conclusion, computers help our society in a lot of ways. They can help us learn new things, we all can meet new people. and computers can make our live s a little easier. Thats whay I think we should keep computers in our society."	4	4	8
1165	"When you are using technology usually it is work related. A computer is used for work to write essays, make power points, and research, when people use them for facebook, myspace, @CAPS1, and other chat live oovoo and websites it is more for their pleasure. I only go on facebook when I am checking my schedule for hockey, most kids use it for talk. Then there is oovoo & online video chat used for talking with friends but why not just callem'up. When I think of facebook or oovoo, or even myspace it makes me think of inapropriate pictures kids, and adults post. I think that is very unhumane and that is very dangerous to post ot because once it's out there you'll never get it back. For instance I am always outsided hanginaround when it's warm out, during winter I can understand going on facebook, but during the @DATE1 there is no need just go outside and have fun. Kids wonder why they gain weight we'll if you'de get off your computer, and quit eating twinkies then you'll notice you just have to be active. some kids parents don't really give a flying faldoodle what their kids do all day. They don't care if their kid is @NUM1 lbs. at the age of @NUM2. They don't care if their kids are sitting on the computer eating all-day. If i could tell you what it must feel like to be a couch potato I would but I never go on the computer unless it is for homework. I used the computer just @TIME1 I typed up all of my homework except for my math. I didn't play one game, I didn't check email go on the internet or anything I just worked my hardest and got it done. I conclude this with the fact that using a computer is not a bad thing, using it repeatedly and not exercising is. A computer shouldn't need to be used for pleasure it's not created to do so it's created to keep your life simpler. People pay money to buy a expensive computer and motem and all that expensive technological accesories, to make their lives much simpler not anywhere in thes essay did I say to play games because it's not. Playing games can be done outside, it doesn't have to be inside, and definately doesn't have to be on a computer. To make everyones life easier kids, get off your lazy butts, get off the twinkies, and stop playing on the computer. "	5	5	10
1166	"Dear @CAPS1, I feel as though computers have good effects on people. Throughout these next paragraphs I will be giving you all of my reasons on the things that computers help people do. I will be talking about how computers give people good typing skills, how they give information to people, and how they allow us to socialize. Over ninety four percent of people today own a computer ad feel as though they have learned many things from it. I bet you didn't know that! First off I will be telling you about how computers help people type. The @CAPS2 on a computer doesn't go alphabetically. This means that you have to practice more to get better in typing. I remember the first time I tried to use the @CAPS2 it difficult but as I tried more I got better. Once I got better I realize where the keys were and soon I don't even have to look up the computer and all of it's parts help people by teaching them skills that they @MONTH1 used in the. These skills @MONTH1 be needed in their job field. Computers are helpful device. The next thing I will be telling you about is how computers have information that is useful to and its where a child is working know a lot about the. It holds information and has website when the internet they. The computer. My final reason why computers have good effect. If you need to talk to a friend but dont feel like calling them you can just go on to a website and chat with them. There are so many that you just can't choose! Did you know what they are over one million of these kinds of websites? There is @CAPS3 @CAPS4 just to name a few. This also gives people the chance to socialize with people from all over the world. This in return causes people to have better social skills. Maybe they will become ore friendly and become more outgoing. This is all because of one little thing and that little things is the computer! So as you can see computers have many wonderful effects on people. They help people get better at typing give lots of information that people want to know and get better social skill cant you just learning and I dont know about not I can get a pretty clear image of that in my mind. Thanks for reading this and taking I say information."	5	5	10
1167	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I have a very strong belief that children and adults are spending far away too much time the computer. Please consider the following that computers have a negative effect on people. Furthermore, @PERCENT1 of parents agree with experts that @CAPS3 spend way too much time on the computer but less time with friends. @CAPS11 I was little I rarely ever went on the computer. But now my parents have to consult me to leave the computer multiple times. Ever since teens have joined @CAPS7, myspace, and twitter, they are addicted to it and can't stop going on it to @CAPS6 what their friends are posting. Physcologist @PERSON2 states, ""@CAPS3 who are on the internet for multiple hours a day, can't concentrate in school because their minds are on what they've going to @CAPS8 on @CAPS11 they get home."" @CAPS4 up, @CAPS5, @CAPS6 @CAPS7, @CAPS8 to school, get home, @CAPS6 @CAPS7. This is the daily reutine of a teenager in the @DATE1. Secondly, going on the computer constantly can cause health problems. @NUM1 percent of teens who non-stop use the computer have to wear glasses or contacts, because of overusing the computer. @CAPS11 I use the computer without a break for multiple have I get a terrible headache because my eyes can't take any more of it. ""@CAPS11 @CAPS3 stay up laye on the computer they are, have fatigue the next morning."" @CAPS12 pediatrician @PERSON1 and middle schoolers are very much the most popular users of the interner, because they are mostly very tired and @CAPS11 at school. People who stay up very late have very black saggy lines under their eyr, so if you see a person like taht they are a overuser of the internet. Most @CAPS3 who are very pole also never get to @CAPS8 outside @CAPS11 using the internet all the time. Lastly children are missing out on the beauty of nature. @CAPS3 who don't get enough excersize, cant think clearly becasue tehre is no oxygen in their brains. Obesity is begginning to tape a toll on children who only sit inside and @CAPS5 junkfood. Children who rarely @CAPS8 outside and excersize become overweight or obese. @PERCENT2 of children instratford almost never @CAPS8 outside and excersize. As I was in elementary school, we had recess but now in middle school we never have it. The only chnace we have to @CAPS8 outside in the @DATE3 and in the @DATE2 @CAPS11 it's warm."	5	5	10
1168	"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 you think computer have good or bad effects on people? It has been bought to @CAPS10 mind that people fight about @CAPS3 computers to @CAPS2 a doubt I think that computers have a positive on people. @CAPS10 think arguments are people find ability in talk online with other people and help with school work. First of all computers gieve in ability to learn about faraway places. This is really helpful @CAPS3 you @CAPS3 you want to learn about @CAPS4 you can go at the computer end google ""@CAPS4 @CAPS6"". By doing this you'll find a lot of info on @CAPS4. I should I tried it before. So that computers giving you this ability to learn about faraway places is really helpful to the human society. Second of all computers people to talk to other people around the world. This is really helpful @CAPS3 you want to learn about people from around the world. This is different than googling fatcs about other people. This is free because @CAPS3 you google @CAPS3 your online chat with someone you have a In @CAPS10 thoughts thats the best way to is helpful friends and family @CAPS3 they dont have of all computer can help with school work. This is helpful students could and the world or about a different This remind me of the time I had to @CAPS1 a project about the nine planets. I had to find a lot of info so that also means a lot of books and a lot of reading. So these I the easiest and fastest way to @CAPS1 @CAPS10 project. I went on the internet in @CAPS10 and get all the info that I needed. So then I completed @CAPS10 project and headed it in to @CAPS10 teacher. She gave me a @PERCENT1 for a project grade. I got a @PERCENT1 because I misspelled @CAPS10 name, but that doesnt matter. What I am to tell you is that computers help students with school work like projects. @CAPS2 thinking I know that computer have a positive effect on @CAPS10 three arguments is that computers give you ability to learn about faraway places, allow you to talk online with other people, and help you with school work. Please take @CAPS10 side and think that computers have a positive effects on human society."	4	5	9
1169	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 glad to see that you have a debate if computers are good or bad for human society. Well I would like to state my opinion if that is good with you. In my letter @CAPS2 going to tell the bad stuff about computer and why there not good for society. Well I dont think computer are good for society because you dont work-out as much as you use to. I can say that a fact because I use to work-out then a computer games came out and I spent @NUM1 hours a day playing it I had no time to spend with my family, I had no outside commaction it was like it topic over my life. Plus I know a lot people who feel the same way. The computer is like a addiction. I say this because once you hit the power button you cant get off. All the commution website are hard to get off because there starting to put games on so you wont log off as fast. THe have different website that play video of things that are funny. Like once you find it you click and a of things so when you look you on same thing else. Dont get me wrong you can see and talk to family members you dont see but you dont have ime to go to the park and have fun and enjoy nature it like you looked up. I dont think we should get rede of computers but we should spend least tine as we do know. I know people are going to be upset by waht I say but we as a society are addicted to the computer. Every were you look theres a computer. I going to leave on one not would you pick computers or life? "	4	4	8
1170	"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 you like a place where you can control what you @CAPS1 and where you go? I know I @CAPS1. Well, if you afree with me then the computer is your cup of tea I think that computers have a positive effect on society. I think this for @NUM1 main reasons @CAPS2 with others, getting constant updates on whats going on, and a learning tool make up only some of the fasinating aspects the computer has. So read on I know you will think the same way as me about computers given my knowledge below. The computer captures over @NUM2 million humans attention with online social networks facebook, myspace, and @CAPS3 are the main attractions. In all of these websites you can keep up with whats going on with your friends and whats new around the world. These online social networks connect you and the people in your life to a crazy online adventure. All these websites provide the information that people want and keep nthem logging back on everyday. I think these websites are great and can only improve society. This is my first benefit of a computer. Another way aspect that the computer provides is world news and big events and drama that is happening in our society. Many news channels have their own websites and update what happened on their show. They provide pictures, stories, and actual videos of whats happening right now. The computer helps us americans know what is happening in @LOCATION1 and lets @LOCATION1 know whats happening in the @LOCATION1 and the @CAPS4.S arn't the only ones trough The computers provides international news and gossip for everyone. Here is another reason why the computer is great for society. There are many things that us kids don't know and if we need some deep information we search it on the computer. The computer provides websites giving information on every time you could think of. For example, if I were to be stuck on some science homework I could probably type in my question on ask.com and get a great answer. Parents and teachers want their kids to suceed and the computer defenitly helps. In conclusion, I have given you @NUM1 great, well thought out reasons why the computer benefits society. @CAPS2 with others, updates worldwide and information on school all are in a great piece of technology called the computer. I hope you will trust me that the computer has a positive effect on society."	5	5	10
1171	"To the @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, This day in age, computer technology rules the world. It's where we get our news, music, shopping and even enterteinment. Sounds great right? But there are some big downsides to this box of information. Such as, this gadget is taking over peoples lives and keeping them from excersizing. Now a days, people are even loosing human interaction from these marvelous toys. And finally, computers are very expensive electronics, they have much up keep which costs you money ultimately making you depressed. As you can see, although there are some great pros to computers, there are also pretty big downfalls that you havn't thought of yet. As I previously stated, computers are taking away from people excersicing. We're all becoming quite lazy. People rather stay at their computer screens playing grand theft auto or facebook stalking than going outside to play a game of soccer with your friends at the empty field down the street. @PERCENT1 of the @LOCATION1 goes without physical domain for at least a @DATE1 and a half. @PERCENT2 of those people rather just tay at home on their computers. This is a disgrace! We cannot let this continue. We must change the way we live and get rid of this unhealthy appliance we call a computer. Of all my reason that computers are bed, this is by far the most disturbing. People are having less, and less human interactions as computers become more popular. Now you, can d everything from your computer. Soon people will be marrying them. Oh wait, that's already happened. Just yesterday, I read in the newest issue of @CAPS4 @CAPS5 that a man married a character in his computer game. There was a priest present and everything. They just recently got back from their honeymoon. This is sad! Look at what our world has become. People rather marry a computer character than actually communicate with real people. We must act quick, I don't know what will happen next. Finally, computer cost a lot of money. You pay @MONEY1 for the computer outright, but then you have all the up keep and there is lots of up keep. Computers are very troublesome. You just keep pouring money into it, which is just depressing. It will just break again soon or freeze and cause you to loose a report you've worked on all night. For example, @DATE1 my dad had to pay @MONEY2 in order to get my @DATE1 computer unbugged. He was so reluctant to even pay it and afterwards he was annoyed all week for even-paying it. It got even worse when it froze up a week later. He was freaking out. Thats all you get from computers, more and more frustration. I just don't think it's worth it."	6	5	11
1172	"Dear newspaper editor: @CAPS1 are all living in the age of technology. There are many useful devices that help us live our every day lives. The computer is a major help. @CAPS1 can talk with relitives from different areas and you can surf the internet to learn new information. @CAPS4 you can playing games with people from ground the world. The computer is a great divice. Almost everyone has a relitive that lives in another state or country. Well you never see them because they live far away right? With a computrer you can talk and even have a face to face conversation with them. @CAPS2 can bring your family closer together. For example, my family just got a new computer and @CAPS1 have relitives that live in florida that @CAPS1 almost never see. With the computer my dad talks to them almost everyday. Some people that I have talked to said that ther are excited to see their relitives or friends more often. @CAPS2 has brought them closer together and made them better friends. The internet is a wonder place where you can look up information for a school project and learn about different topics. When kids are doing a project in school and the information they need is not in the class book they can search @CAPS2 and @CAPS2 saves time. @PERCENT1 of kids said that when they are doing a project the best thing to use would be the internet. @CAPS4 @CAPS2 helps the kids work faster so they can spend more time outside or hanging out with their friends. Another thing you can do is learn about recent events. For example most local newspaper have a website that you can visit. Even if you local does not you can go to other websites like ""@CAPS3"". They have recent events that happen around the country and around the world. The internet is useful in many ways and can help you with your every day life. Every kid gets bored when its a rainy day. So they can play games with people from around the world using a computer. The are many websites that have fun games that are fun and enjoyabal. You can @CAPS4 become with people from other contrys. My friends @PERSON1 and @PERSON2 play the computer and they have alot of friends from other contrys. I think that its cool that you are playing the exact game with another. Person in @LOCATION1 or @LOCATION2, @CAPS4 most of the games are safe and fun to play. Another thing is that you can connect and play with your friends in your home town. I have many times playes games with @PERSON1 and @PERSON2. @CAPS2's a fun thing to do during a boring, rainy day. In conclusion, the computer is a useful divice thats benefits us and helps us with our everyday life. @CAPS2 allows us to connect with family in far away places and surf the internet for new information. @CAPS4 you can play games with people from around the world. Its a wonderful divice and lets start using @CAPS2. "	5	5	10
1173	"Dear, newspaper @CAPS1 I think computers have both a positive and a negative afect on people. On one hand you can learn about places without having to go there and get fact about what is in that contery such as food, goodes, and jobs. On the other hand the computer can also be a problum becous kids could spend to much time chating or playing on the computer and not enugh time going outside to play or going to sports practis but sometimes bad things happen from talking to people on the computer. Some people on the computer arn't always how thay say thay are. So if I hafe to choose a side on wether the computer is helpful or not I would hafe to go with not. The computer is not very helpful becous lot of bad things could happen from @NUM1 littul mistake on the computer like puting your name, adrres, or picktur on the computer."	3	3	6
1174	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2, computers. The subject of so many debates over the years, from lawyers against judges to parents against children. Could it be to much of a good thing? Are computers the cause of increased awkwardness in today's society. Certainly it can't be to good that your entire life is documented on a place where anyone can go. And then there is the content of what you are viewing. I can't wait to get to that paragraph. One of the top @NUM1 picked-through subjects in the world, are people really less interested in exercise than they were in the @NUM2's? studies show that in the @CAPS3 @CAPS4, @NUM3 out of @NUM1 people were overweight. That number has risen to @NUM5 out of @NUM1, as of @DATE1. Amazing! And some of these people might be safer staying inside. If you've played a video game where the player can lose health, you'll know what happens when the bar runs out. You restart. After playing @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @CAPS7 @CAPS8 @CAPS9, @CAPS10 @CAPS11 @MONTH1 want to try that gravity-defying, head-turning stunt. And let me tell you, there is no restarting after that. Did you know that @ORGANIZATION1 is recording everything you do online? If say, you are a budding guitarist and are looking around for a new gibson, you'll start getting all these ads for online stores, @CAPS12? Because @ORGANIZATION1 sells your info to businesses. And you give them permission by clicking that continue with install button. So spam email comes. But something even worse is on the way. Your bank account number. Thats right, I went there. If a virus get onto your computers, your many could vanish. So be responsible. This brings us to our last subject. The touchy one. It used to be that you had to buy a magazine or book to witness the exploitation of young women. Now, it is just the click of a button away. And that is bad enough. Young boys are snagged early, their futures now controlled by this disease. But add to that the imense risk of a virus attack, and you're in a heap of trouble. So I'm not saying computers are terrible, just that they they could be to much of a good thing. Sometimes they can be a good way to relieve stress, by taking it out on a hapless alien. Just use the technology at your hands responsibly."	5	6	11
1175	"Dear Newspaper, Have you ever stopped to think what modern day technology brought us? A great example is computers. Many people use this device to book vacation, talk and build relationship people and to discover new ideas the world have to make the disagree strongly. The hot sun glaring down at you just is killing you not to book a vacation to a tropical island! Many people go on vacation and what brought them here has when they sat and places. the computer looking at hotels and booking thou, This modern day technology has brought many humans to places they wanted to go. Over @PERCENT1 of @CAPS1's have a chat account to talk with family and friends. The country of europe to the @LOCATION1 is over @NUM1 miles and every time you make a call it can lead to alot of big kills. Modern technology has outsmost the phones and is now using the computer to talk to far away friends and family. In the progress the computer has put over @NUM2 of single people and expressing the relationship. Many arguments have been lead to because of the disagreement. Many critic and saying not many people interact with family and friends. On the other hand the computer has that many people are connecting and communicating @CAPS2 they can set a plan to @CAPS3 many critics have people and spends the computer. Although this is true there should desicions that will improve the health of the human by limiting usage of them. Setting standards on computers can improve this problems and help exercising. In this case I strongly disagree with the critics and for my side of good uses. If they took them away not only will people files fall but everyone will be disorganized in the bong run. Lastly discovering places and websites teaches even the smartes guy or girl something new. After reading this if have proven that my @CAPS4 should be admired by many people."	5	4	9
1176	"Dear @CAPS1 post, I know that people are spending way to much time on computers instead of being out side. People are becoming adictied to computers. People are spending way to much time on computers because there addicted to them, over weight, and not getting any exercise. I am telling you we need to address this matter. People have become addicted to computers. @PERSON1 says that in @DATE1 there were @NUM1 people useing computers, and it @DATE2 there are nearly @NUM2 million people using computers, that’s a big increase in the last copple of years. People are becoming more addicted because of facebook, twitter, and much more computer sites. Yale says that in @DATE3 the number of people on facebook was only @NUM3 thousand in @DATE4 there is over @NUM4 million people using facebook, I don’t know about yoe but that seems like an addiction to computers to me. People are getting tramensly over weight. One cause of this is addiction to computers, people just sit infront of there computers and eat and eat and eat until there over weight and unhealthy. Dr. @PERSON2 says that in the last @NUM5 years the average weight of a person has gone up @NUM3 pounds due to them sitting in front of their computers and eating. Doctors say thay can’t do any thing about peoples weight unless they turn off all of there computers witch they don’t think is possible. People are just getting to fat from sitting and doing nothing all day. Exercise is a key part of staying healthy. And by sitting infront of a computer eating, you'r not getting your exercise that is needed so people are getting fat. Dr. @PERSON3 says that people need to be aware of this problem. Dr. @PERSON3 also says that in the last @NUM7 years the amount of exercise people are getting has decreased @PERCENT1 that’s why people are getting fat. He also says that it’s due to sitting infront of the computer and eating. People are getting no exercise due to computers. I’m telling you this is a huge problem that we need to address. People are becoming addicted to computers, there getting over weight, and getting no exersise. Pleas @CAPS1 post listen, it’s a problem, but it is your dessision."	4	5	9
1177	"Dear Local Newspaper, I believe that people should stay with computers. I have three reasons for this issue and they are @CAPS1, @CAPS2 and @CAPS3. I think these reasons woul'd be a good for this issue because every human being can do these three this on a computer. One of the reasons why I think people should stay to computers is because they can learn. People can learn by using computers because if a child is in something like animals. They can go on the internet and look up what they need to find children can also learn on the computer by putting their jump stat first grade give in the drive. children can learn like this. My second reason why people should use stay to computers us @CAPS2. I think @CAPS2 because you can talk to your friends about. They can also talk about if they want to go some fun. For example same good exercise. Another reason why I think @CAPS2 is if your friend is explaining something to you, that your. I also think @CAPS2 can be had for other to a and. The last reason why I believe people should stick to computer is because people can discover different things on there these things can be had and some can be good. For example a good thing that I can discover is that if there is something wrong with my computer and I figure out how to fix this that would be good. And I will know about computers and man what to do. A bad thing about @CAPS3 the computer I can do is bringing up a virus. That know matter what I do I can't make it go away and the computer ends up being broken. Conclusion, Local newspaper this is why I believe that we should keep our computers. Because many people even young children can learn and they will end up remembering the things that they learn."	4	4	8
1178	"Dear local newspaper, I am here today to state my reason why I am against usage of computers. My @NUM1 reason why I am against usage of computers is, the negativity, like for example too many pop ups come on the website your own and then they mini little advertisments like ""@CAPS1 on me"" ""free trial"". And thats not good for children to see when they are using the computer. My seocnd reason why I am against using computers is who's online when your up there. @NUM2 out of @NUM3 people use the computer every single day and @NUM3 out of @NUM5 people be up there chatting with young little girls and boys. And they older what then what they say. What I'm trying say is these people are called ""@CAPS2"". These people roam through the internet day and night trying to find little boys and girls. Just like I say earlier thats not good computer usage. The purpose of getting on the computer is look for information or play games no that other stuff. My final reason of being against computer is montoring, alot of parents dont watch their kids when they are on the computer, so most of the kids look at a lot of inapproiate sites or things that they shouldn't look at. And that be their fought beacuse they should have parental lock up there. In conclusion, basically what I am trying to say is computers can be dangerous sometime because you dont always know what your clicking on and you can @CAPS1 on the wrong thing and end up on a site that you don't want to be on. So just have my opinions and maybe you can understand what I'm trying to say. Thanks."	4	4	8
1179	"Dear local newspaper, I'm sure you love kicking back and surfing the web. Afterall, the internet is an amazing invention. However, the truth of the matter is that some people spend way to much time on the computer. We miss out on all the other important things in life, just because of to much time on our laptops. Excessive use of the internet can lead to not enough exercise. It can cause us to be anti-social, And lastly, not allow us to enjoy the beautiful nature that surrounds us. Do you know that a very high cause of obesity is? Electronics, kids sit on the computer all day long, while they should be out exercising and keeping fit. Sure, it is still okay to surf the web. You just have to keep the time minimum we could ensure this rule by having a time limit set at home. I myself love to use the computer, but i make sure to get off after about an hour. The whole idea of the ""internet"" is such a broad topic. That leaves us with so much to explore, we just have to keep on eye on the clock. There are so many forms of chat on the internet; @CAPS1, @ORGANIZATION1, etc. Many people are always on one of those, instead of talking in person. We can eventually become anti-social due to so much time spent on the computer. Although yes, you can be talking over the internet, it is necessary to be talking to people face to face, it is as if we become grued to the computer. Websites such as @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 are also causes of this. People get addicted and are on them constantly, @CAPS4 ""@CAPS5"" websites actually take away time that could be spent with friends. So instead of having a chat over the computer screen, plan a meeting in person. Don't allow the computer to let you loose the social skills that you have built up. I love going outside each season to see the beautiful nature that surrounds us if you spend to much time on the computer, you wont have time to enjoy it. There are so many thing that you would be missing out on. Take time out of you day that you would normally spend on the computer to take a walk outside. Things outher are so much prettier than you computer screen, trust me. once you cut down you computer time littyle-by-little, you will realize all the other things that are more worth you time. So the next time you think about going to surf the web or play that new computer game, i hope you think about my opinions i presented to you. Too much time on the computer causes us to not get enough exercise, and we can become anti-social. we won't be able to enjoy the nature around us. Computer time is fine in moderation, you just have to be aware of how much time you spend on it. Hopefully, my supported reasons have given you another view on surfing the web."	5	5	10
1180	"Dear @CAPS1 of The Local Newspaper: @CAPS2 students are promoted to higher grade levels, more teachers will require research papers. In my opinion @CAPS10 a computer helps me complete my research paper and the contents in it are the best it can be. What makes students and parents more happy to see @CAPS3's on their child's paper? Advances in technology. there should be advances in technology because they teach hand-eye coordination, it gives the ability to learn about far away places, and people, and even allows people to talk online with other people. To begin there should be advances in technology beacause it teaches hand-eye coordination. In a recent poll seen in TIME magazine, it showed that @PERCENT1 of people who use computers had a large increase in their coordination, people were not @CAPS2 clumsy and poorly coordinated. @PERSON1, a professional tennis player @CAPS4 that, ""@CAPS5 I started using a computer, I always, would play tennis for living and it was a bad choice because I was poorly coordinated. I always missed the tennis ball in matches. So I decided to stop. Then I started to use the computer more and my coordination improved. Now I barely miss any tennis balls."" @CAPS6, @CAPS10 advances in technology will improve and teach hand-eye coordination. Another reason there should be advances in technology is because it gives people the ability to learn about far away places and people. @PERSON2 @CAPS7 a writer from @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS4 that, ""People like to research a place @CAPS5 they go on vacation or a buisness trip because they would like to know more about it."" Not knowing anything about your vacation destination is like not knowing what's for dinner tonight, it is clearly unreasonable. Recent studies show that the more a person knows about their vacation destination the more enjoyable it is. Thus, the more vacations they go one which is profitable for airplane companies. Also knowing about the different cultures of the people in far away places gives people a better perspective of the world they live in. Thus, @CAPS10 advances in technology will give the ability to learn about far away places and people. Furthermore, @CAPS10 advances in technology will allow people to talk online with other people. @PERSON3 @CAPS8 the creator of @CAPS9 @CAPS4 that, ""@CAPS10 online chat programs will help people communicate with each other. @CAPS9 has been beneficial to everybody. For example, it helps people re-connect with their former friends. It is also very beneficial to students because if they forget a homework assignment they can log onto @CAPS9 and ask a classmate."" A recent article found on @ORGANIZATION2, showed that online chat programs helped people communicate with each other. @CAPS6, @CAPS10 advances in technology will allow people to talk online with other people. In conclusion, @CAPS10 advances in technology will improve hand-eye coordination, teach people about far away places and people, and allows people to talk online with other people. When voting on this decision please take part and support advances in technology, it will be beneficial to everybody. Thank you for your time."	5	5	10
1181	"Dear The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, Computers do not benefit society. They make people antisocial, unhealthy, and do bad things. The internet is very addictive. I use to spend three hours online everyday. I did not get any exersice at all. Also, I was incouraged to eat unhealthy snacks while online. This made me very unhealthy I gained nine pounds in one week. Now, I have dietbeaties. I can't enjoy things like sweets or running. I will probably have arthritus in my hands when I'm older because I spent hours typing away. I used the computer in the dark so now I need contacts. Using the computer is one of the most unhealthy choices ever. II spent so much time on the computer i wasn't able to socialized. I missed out on alot of activities with my friends and family because I was so busy online. I barely talked to anyone unless it was through email. I lost alot of friends and close family members. My pets died because I didn't take care of them. I didn't really want to do anything but go on the net. I messed up on colledge and job interviews. To this day I have no social life and no job because I spent more time socializing with the computer than people. Computers ruined my life. Computers incourage very bad things. Not just unhealthy choices and antisocial behavior they uncourage things against the law. Alot of drugs and weapons are bought online. People kill others or themselves because people gossiped about them online. People don't care for nature and destroy it. People steal so they can buy extra technology. Alot of car robbers happen because someone left technology in there. People gamble through online poker. People hack bank acounts through the computer. Prostitution happens because of online chats. Thier are sex affenders that go online posing as people that want a date when they are rapists. Terrorists can communicate by the internet. Computers are a menace to society. They turn people into low life scums and criminals. Computers should disposed of before they cause the end of the world."	4	5	9
1182	"Dear editor of the @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 is true that more and more people use computers, which in sure you're aware of, but is @CAPS3 really nessesary. I use my computer, I used to use @CAPS3 all the time, but then I got into sports like skateboarding and snow boarding so now i got away from @CAPS3. Yet, @CAPS4 are many many people that still use them and i believe that people should really try to stop going on as much because you could start to get big @PERSON1 fat, @CAPS4 are way better thing to do then sit around on the computer all day, and @CAPS3 is good to be outside getting some fresh air. First is that @CAPS3 is possible for you to get big @PERSON1 fat, being fat is not a good thing @CAPS3 could actually be heart breaking because they can't help @CAPS3, and i feel really bad for them. I have a few friends that are over weight like @PERSON1, @PERSON1 is a very over weight kid, he was about @NUM1 lbs whe nhe was @NUM2, I have not seen him in like a year and we had some good @CAPS2, but I do feel really bad because he is very over weight and @CAPS3 is terrible, @PERSON1 does not even know how to ride a bike, nobody would teach him anyways because he doesn't have a father and his mother is over weight as well and as fat as his sister. see her anymore. So being over weight is bad and sitting and playing on the computer will make @CAPS3 worse. Next is @CAPS4 are way better things to do than sit around on the computer all day, messing around on the computer all day is like saying in just going to throw my life away. Instead of being on the computer you could be with friends whether @CAPS3 is shopping sports youre still moving and that is way better then being on the computer trust me. Go for a walk @PERSON1 some thing just try to get yourself dumb, but still fun, computer. I will @CAPS3's fun @CAPS4 are many many thing to do on the computer. Most importantly is that @CAPS3 is good to be outside getting some fresh air, being outside is a definatly amazing thing to do, you could be walking, be on trampoline, @PERSON1 skateboarding anything is better then being on the computer, even just sitting @CAPS4 on a rock outside is good for your body cause you need to got fresh air in your system. Just do something that involves being outside @CAPS3 is so much fun. So all you computer lovers get off and have some fun being outside with friends @PERSON1 your family. I hope you all listen to me and take my advice so remember @CAPS3 is very possible to get fat, @CAPS4 are way better things to do then sit around on the computer all day, and @CAPS3 is good to be outside getting some fresh air."	5	5	10
1183	"To whom it @MONTH1 concern, I was sitting at home when I have realized this has to come to an end! The computer bissness has taken my mother and my stepfather away from me, I mean when they are on facebook they are in a whole nother galaxcey. The family spends no time together what so ever. Also, they argue, dont sleep and again, we don't spend anytime together! Not spending time with family isn't a good thing. Social activity is good for everyone. Even if the time spending is not with family, socializum is a very important rollplay in use. On the other hand arguing isn't. Arguing just decreases the social time spent. Arguing in my family causes friction to the point where we become unsocial and turn to a computer. Now if were arguing about the computer then we have a huge problem. The arguing will never end! Not sleeping is my biggest concern though, when they are up all nite on that stupid thing, oh gosh don't get me started. I believe they don't have good days during the day when in school. Actually I know they don't because they are day. Computers cause my parents to use up family time, fight, and not sleep, they spend more time on the personal computer than I'm a! @CITY1 @PERSON1, I think we have a problem. A very big one!"	4	3	7
1184	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, Computers are a great way to learn about the world and its people. Computers can teach people about things that are forien to them. Computers keep people intouch, all over the world. Computers also come in handy when something needs to be looked up right away. Computers are very helpful when it comes to learning. They can teach you things that most books cant, such as hand eye coordination also about the current populations of countrys and cities. Also, computers gives you the opportunity to see pictures of places and people that you couldn't find in books or photo albums or newspapers. They also help in schools when projects are asigned. Kids can use computers to find information they need quickly. Kids can also use computer to wright essays or print pictures for projects. Computers are definately a staple for learning & education. Computers are also great for comunication. People can chat with one another on networking sites such as @CAPS1, facebook, myspace, and twitter. On these sites people can send messages to their friends a leaking them of something or chat with their friends to see whats to keep in touch with family and friends, on the computer. Family members can e-mail each other to inform them of an event or news. I have actually had an experience with e-mail that was very helpful my family members and I had been speaking of traveling to block island and two days before we were going to leave we recived on email from the owner of the house we were going to stay at stating that all phone lines were down and part of the house was ruined due to a storm. If it werent for computers we would have been in a sick situation. Computers also come in handy in times of need or confusion. People can check their local weather forecasts to see of the weather will effect their plans. Also if someone doesn't know where a house or store is located they cab quickly look it up on the computer. Finaly if something is unavailable on a store people can shop for it online and can buy what they need, and have it shaped to their door step. Computers have helped this country grow and prosper. Why bother to go aginst them when they benafit society so much? Computers are helping the world become a better educated, connected, and informed world."	5	5	10
1185	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, Have you ever wanted to see the whole world with just a click of a button. That is as simple as just going out and purchasing a computer. Computers are becoming more and more popular. Some people think that people use computers too much. I am here to say that, that is a terrible accusation. First, computers help you with school work. Let's say you have an essay and it needs to be @NUM1 words or more you can just use word cant, then you have the exact amount of words. Also you might need to look up some information about a certain topic. You can just simply type in the word and search and then you have millions of choices to choose from. If you had a homework assignment that you didn't understand you could look up how to do it on the internet. But this i just the begining. Another reason computers are so great is that you can meet and interact with people all over the world and learn their culture. You can enter a free chatroom and meet someone from @LOCATION1. You would also be learning about their culture. This could also be a way to learn another language. If the person spoke fluently in @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 than he or she could teach you. You might be able to see how an @CAPS2 household runs. You could then make comparisons between the way you both live your life. Finally, you can understand the world around you. There are many websites where you can get a live sattelite feed on places on every corner of the globe. You could also do reasearch on the planet itself. You can learn about the care of the earth and what goes on inside it. You might also learn about nature. You could understand more about plants and animals. You can also got a look into space. You can learn about planets, if there is life on planets or water or anything else these would be things you can reasearch. So to sum it all up, you can get school work done. You can interact with people all over the world. You can also learn about the world around you and that covers less than a fraction of everything you can do on the computers, but don't stay on all day. Make sure you go outside and have a great time too!"	4	4	8
1186	"Dear @CAPS1, I believe that computers are benefitual to society. This because computers do tasks such as helps research, communicating with others, and has fun games and websites. Computers are really great sources for whatever you trying to do. Honestly, a @CAPS2 without computers I wouldn't know what to do. Computers are like digital encyclopedias, which has just about all the information your looking for. Computers have databases or websites design to have with research just as the do. Say that you have a essay due tommorrow and you need quick and valid information you can simple go to @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 which is a computer database. Your end up with saild facts to help with your final draft. So, you wouldn't have to go that far to research. Communicating is something else the computer helps with. For example email and @ORGANIZATION1 is a way to communicate. Email is where you can send a message and a wait a reply while on the other hand @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 is where you get @ORGANIZATION1 replys. The latest thing in the communicating @CAPS2 is video chating. This where the person your chatting with can hear and see exactly what your doing. This is useful for families who life a good distance from each other. Computers play many roles and being used for fun is one. the @CAPS5 has many fun gaming websites such as @CAPS6.com miniclips.com, and @LOCATION1. This websites help take your mind off a bad day. You can also buy computer games for your computer. A very popular game is The @CAPS7. This game is base around your charater and the life you chose for it to live this game can take you to mother place where all your stress just fade away. So, computers betters society in many different ways. A few include research, communication, and to have fun. The computer is a very enhanced tool to enrich ones life. Computers take on difficult tasks and usually succed. So, computers are truely one thing we need."	4	4	8
1187	"Dear Local Newspaper, I have herad that you guys are deciding whether or not computers have a negative or positive impact on the society. In my opinion, I believe computers have a very negative impact not only to adults but mostly to students too. Computers in general can be distracting, very dangerous, and give people less time to excercise. Computers in total do not have a bad impact on people. Some people say computers are not distracting, well I say they are. Computers have varies websites such as @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 which can distract people from studying or even doing their homework. @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 are websites where you can chat with friends and see peoples pictures. These websites can be very interupptive when trying to do something important. For example, I am one of the biggest slackers when it comes to doing homework or studying. If I had to choose between doing homework or chatting on @CAPS1, I would choose @CAPS1. But if you actually think about, are these websites benefitting anybody. Homework and studying can actually benefit you in doing better can benefit you in your studies and ferther on in your life. In total, I believe computers are a big distarction. When people go on the computer they go on without worrying a little bit. They don't know the danger behind it. These dangerous computer have people on it called online predators. Online predators sit on the computers basically all day trying to harm others. One website in specific that I herad was very harmful is myspace. This website is even more dangerous then @CAPS1 or @CAPS2. Myspace is like @CAPS1 in a way but very dangerous. For instance, my mom told me that one of her friends daughter had a myspace and became friends with a guy she didn't know. Of course she didn't worry because according to her he seemed a nice guy so she gave him her number. Good thing her mom saw it, otherwise something bad would happend. He ended up being an online predator. Lastly, computer can make people unhealthy. People who stare on computers non-stop can make them not exercise. For example, not playing sports such as soccer, vollyball, and tennis. This is very unhealthy for people in our society because they can become obese and unhealthy. This is why computers can make you not exercise. In conclusion, computers can have a very negative effect on people. It can be very distracting, dangerous, and unhealthy for not exercising. In total, computers cannot have a bad impact on people."	5	4	9
1188	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, Have you ever trully marveles at the computers in our generation today? Have you seen all the interesting and amazing things that computers allow us to explore? Computers have been thought to advance our society because of its abiliyt to show websites containing rast and diverse research. However, let me ask you this - have you ever wondered if computers actually ruin the life someonehas? Well, people who use computers are drown into them, and they ignore the necessary physical activities one can get from being outside. Also, people who spend their time infront of a computer screen don't inteact as much with friends and family as they nirmally would. Also, one major threat that teens and children face while on the internet are people who try to talk to them online and could become a dnager to the children. In order to help the wee-being of people, we need to realize the negative effects of computers! If oyu were to talk in the park or even visit a field, you would most likely someone enjoying the outdoorss. When I say that @CAPS1 mean like playing soccer or fotbol, or playing frisbee, @CAPS2 who do this rather than sit inside staring ata computer, help their body stay healthy. When you are on the computer, no healthy activity is involved. Would you rather see yourself healthy and active or lazy and sluggish? Well. when the summertime comes, my friends and I usually go to the feild to play a game of soccer. Also, we sometimes go to the beach and enjoy the cool, freshing water in the pool. Not to mentio, we even find activities to do in the cold, freezing winter such as sledding nad snowboarding. @CAPS2 need tog et out and chair, pry their eyes from the computer screen and go out and smell the fresh air. The feeling of being outside will raise your spirits and sgift you from a person in a trance to a person that feels alive! Also . ahve you ever gone gone home and just retreat to your room for some quite? Then you decide to go on the computer to get away from your troubles. ""@CAPS3 is ready, a family member informs you; however, you don't respond because you enjoy the computer so much. Computers interfer with your connection to family members and friends. In addition, many people sit in a tence like state while at the computer, blocking out any outside communication. Computers do not help families come toigether they separate them. This vcreates and unhealthy family, which is bad because people need to have a strong connection with family. Studies show that the average time a person spends on the computer is five hours! This pretty much takes up a lot of time, so families can't spend time with one another. One important problem that children and teens face are @CAPS2 oover the intenet are people known as ""child predators."" @CAPS4 people usually seek to hurt a child by getting information out of them and meeting them. Research shows that @PERCENT1 of children encounter @CAPS4 ""child predators; would you want to see your child be hurt by @CAPS4 horrible people? Computers are the reason, a with the internet for @CAPS4 accurances. Children and teens need to be protected from this major threat! In conclusion, computers have negative effects on people and thier lives. First, they don't allow people to be active and go outside. "	5	5	10
1189	My opinion is that people should have computers in their homes. Computers should be for important things like searching for jobs and other things. People can do their work in the computer. To teach your childrens how to use a computer or let their children go on the internet to they can search kids stuff. People shouldn't all their time on the computers and spend less time with their families and friends. I think people should spend more time with their families and their friends then spending it on the computer. But a lot of people use computers almost everyday. But a lot of people use computers almost everyday. Probably your family are worried about people spending their time everyday in the computer. They their friends how to type in the computer and teach them some stuff about the history. Do you think that people should alot more time with their families and be happy about it the they are spending time with their families. I think people shouldn't use the computer when they have a vistor over their house they don't their vistor think you are attracted to the computer. They should give people the ability to learn about faraway places and to learn things about the internet. But not everyone agree that people shouldn't use computers because people can get attracted to it and people don't want that. To happen. And families are concerned about that a lot of people use this can of stuff. Other people think that this is a great idea to use a lot of computer and spend more on it then their families. So do you think that people should spend more time on their families and friends then picking atention to the computers.	4	4	8
1190	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, In my opinion computers are wonderfull to the society in many ways. They can keep memories we cant keep forever like @CAPS3, @CAPS1's, and type letters. Computers also can give you dieting tips and advice from live locals. But, important of all of it, family that you miss can talk to you for hours without a phone bill. To begin, computer can give you @CAPS2 tips on things you didn't know, so it can also be a learning center. For example: your extremely stresed out because you have a huge paper to do but have no facts, there are a millions websites you could go to find your answers on. The next day you get your paper back and theres a A stamped right across it. Another @CAPS2 thing about computers is that you can talk to your family members all the way in a different city, town, state, or even content! you @MONTH1 miss them alot but you can always see them to them or type to them to let that sad feelings melt away for a little bit. Every @NUM1 in @NUM2 americans say missing or not seeing a family member is like letting a little piece of your heart fall off. Everybody knows what its like to have a memory that you could never forget:  but what about those little memories that @CAPS3, websites, and written work seems to slip away from the brain. Computers save all of that so the ""I know its to its like to loose its like a little part of life that you have lived walks always"" exclaims @PERSON1 who could This is exactly why computer in many ways. I hope you are @CAPS2 for the mind, tips and family."	4	4	8
1191	"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 are you? As for me I am fine. I am writing this letter to explain to you why you should believe that computers have a positive effect on people. The reasons why I am writing this letter is that people could contack with friends and families from far-away places, computers helps you leran more about different parts of the world and also computers helps people understand and learn more about life. That's why I believe you should believe that computers have a positive effect on people. First of all why I believe that computers have a positive effect on people is that people could contack with friends and families from far-away places. An example to support my reason is that people from all parts of the world have families different places. And they cannot have a good contack with them. But if they go on the internet they could their friends and families and chat with them. This shows that if you live in the @LOCATION2 and you have a friends that live in @LOCATION1 you could have a with I have families that lives and @LOCATION1 and it is hard to them. But when I am on the computer I can chat with them and have a fun time. This shows that you need a computer to catch up with friends and family. That's why I believe that computers have a positive effect on people. Second of all why you should believe that computers have a positive effect on people is that computers helps you learn more about different parts of the world. An example is that if you don't know anything about a country or a place you could go on the internet a research and learn more about that place. This shows that computers is important to have. Another example is that when I have a project or a essay and I don't know about it. I could go on the computer and look it up. And by doing this it will help me on my project or essay. That's why I believe that computers have a positive effect on people. Finally why I believe so is that computers helps you understand and learn more about life. An example is that if you don't know if something is right or wrong you could look it up and it @MONTH1 help you. This shows that computers can give advices. Another example is that computers could give you an idea on what to do. If you are trying a new resipie and you are not sure on @CAPS3 to make it. And it will give you the inderigant and direction to make that food or snack you want. That's why I believe that you and all others should believe that computers have a positive effects. In conclusion why you should believe that computers have a positive effect is that people could contack with friends and families, computers helps you learn about different parts of the world, and also computers helps you learn and understand more about life. I would hope you read and reread this letter and consider about believing that computers have a positive effect on people. That's why you should believe that computers have positive effect on people. "	5	5	10
1192	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1, I am writing this letter to state my opinion on the effects computers have on people. I think that the effect is good because every place needs them they store thing neatly that way you will know that when you go back it will be neat and saved. Every place uses computers they are a big thing. Hotels use them to save who's in each room and to actuvate the room keys, restarunts use them to help make the bill, hospilas use them to store flies so they can be printed heat so the doctor can go to look at them and understand. And schools use them they need them to store grades neatly, or for an student to to type up a paper neatly and hand it in they could leave it for the day and go back to it tomorrow. The computer can also be you job, like you workinh on them like fixing them or installing a @ORGANIZATION1 programor app. You can also do your work on it like working on a website or once agin just writing a boper. The biggest company @MONTH1 need an computer even the @ORGANIZATION1 need them they are big in you company. So even people don't get outside enought the computer help you to make money or be sucsseful in life and once yo got that money thek you will go out side in speed it. So computers have a big effect on schools, communy, stores and many other pplaeces and peoples life."	4	4	8
1193	"Dear local newspaper, Technology is an important part of everyday living even some people's lifestyle without technology, more specifically, computers, mankind would be lost. We wouldn't be able to learn about faraway places and people research things with a wider range of information available or for some people, talk to friends and family. Technology i needed in everyone's life they realize this or not. There is an endless amount of things you can do on the computer and as far as advances in technology this is only the beginning. The internet allows people to learn-and more than just what you would get from a book at the library. You can learn about the culture of @LOCATION1, the food they eat in @LOCATION2, or even the way people dress in @LOCATION3. You can find pictures and of faraway places and find out the currency or of a country. The possibilities @CAPS1 computer allow you to do is research. When maybe they through them giving a presentation much easier! Furthermore the computer enables people to comunicate with others. For some, this is their only way of communication. If you have a penpal in @CAPS1 state, or maybe even @CAPS1 country, e-mail is a great way to talk to them it's quick, easy, and enjoyable tool others, however, prefer instant messaging - the message you type pops up almost instantly on the others computer. Then they type a response and it comes back to you! Either method is a great way of communication! So you see, without technology we would not be able to learn everything we'd like to, research for, say on for language arts class. We not even be able to communicate with some others. And this is only the beginning of what our lives would like without the computer."	4	4	8
1194	"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 you know that computers can prevent you from doing a lot of things? Instead of going on the computer you can exercise more, play outside, and spend more time with family and friends. This is why you need to spend less time on the computer. Exercise is important to your body and computers are not. you can get some weights and exercise in your room. A run out the beach doesn't sound bad either. Just by doing that you lose a lot of weight and not gaining weight on the computer. So go exercise and lose weight because it's good for you! Computers also prevent you from getting freash air and playing outside. When your are outside you see that playing is much better than just pressing buttons and clicking everywhere. On the computer. You don't even have to play outside, you can just walk with someone or just sit on the grass and talk. The computer prevents you from doing all of this fun activities outside. Spending time with your family is a huge activity that your computer is prevting you to do. You are on the computer for an hour and your family is having a barbeque. You finally get off that computer and you realize that spending time with them is so much fun than sitting down and looking at the screen. this is why computer are a distraction to everyone because you don't want to exercise, play outside, or spend time with the family. you can use the computer but just don't stay on to long because you are missing the fun."	4	4	8
1195	"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, Some people are debating whether advances in technology, such as computers, are benefitial to our daily life. I think that computers are a good addition to life for a few reasons. For one, information and knowledge are at your fingertips. It takes merely seconds to know anything you want or need to. Email, @CAPS2, @CAPS1, etc. can be labeled as wasteful or dangerous. New friends can be made everyday. Lastly, there can be limits set so no more worrying about to much time spent on the computers. One of the reasons computers can be benefitial to our daily life is what it can give us. Knowledge is just seconds away. Anything you might be interested in learning is all on the web. Homework, school projects, and even work need information that isn't found anywhere else. The library is a great place to find what you're looking for, but if you're in a hurry and need what you're looking for quick, there is the online encyclopedia, world book, etc.Technology is becoming a huge part of our life today, many opinions are up in the air about it. If, there's one thing everyone can agree on, it's fast and can make daily tasks easier. Ordering clothes, books, movies, tickets for trips and more all can be done online. That's not all the computer has to offer. Friends/family are a necessary part of life, but they're not always living right around the corner. They @MONTH1 live on the other side of the state, country, even world! @CAPS2, @CAPS1, email, etc. can allow you to connect with anybody around the world at anytime. E-mail has been around longer than other websites like @CAPS2 and myspce which allow you to keep daily tabs on them. @CAPS1 or ichat allows you to instantely talk to anybody that you want. These websites can't replace being together in person, but it can help keep in touch for the meanwhile. Some are worried about spending too much time face to face with the screen, there is even something to prevent that. Time spent inside on the computer is becoming a problem. Not enough exersise or time spent outside can be unhealthy. Time limits can fix this problem. A certain amount of time can be plugged in. When there's @NUM1 minutes left, it gives you a warning. That way more time can be spent outside in the open, and less inside staring at the screen all day. Many different opinions about whether computers belong in our life have been shared. I believe they're a beneficial part of our life. They allow you information at the touch of your fingers, access to friends/family, plus there's time limits. In this day/age, the computer is something we can't live without."	5	5	10
1196	"Dear local newspaper- I understand that computers are becoming more of a ""must have"" in peoples everyday life. I believe this is a great thing! If you're on the computer you type which helps improve peoples hand-eye coordination. Also, you can learn more about people, places, cultures and much more. Lastly, you can communicate online with other friends or even meet new people. To begin, I think having computers is a good idea because it helps people improve on their handeye coordination. My cousin @PERSON3, who is a big time baseball player, used to have trouble catching the when he was younger. He kept trying over and over again and never gave up. Then, for his birthday his parents bought him a computer! He was so excited, but when it came to typing papers, he wasn't the best. Not only did he practice baseball but also typing. His family realized that buying him that computer was of the best ideas. It improved his baseball career (by throwing and catching the ball) and increased his grades in school. However, @PERSON3 is not the only one that has gained hand eye coordination from computers. A recent study from yale college shows that @PERCENT1 of people that use the computer for atleast a month gains some sort of hand eye coordination. @PERSON1, a teacher of the computer class at high school states, ""@CAPS1 freshman that I get in my class tells me that computers have made their sports careers easier because they now have better hand eye coordination."" Computers have two things in one, you learn to type and help your hand eye coordination. Do you want you @CAPS3 to be lacking that positive ability in life? In addition, computers help you learn more about people, places and cultures. I heard a couple nights ago that @ORGANIZATION2 had an earthquake. I also learned about the powerplant explosion in @LOCATION2, @LOCATION1. How do I know all of this you ask? The front page on @CAPS2.com! But, i'm not the only one who has gained this knowledge from the internet, so many more have too. @ORGANIZATION1 took a poll about how many @CAPS3 use the computer to do research and @PERCENT2 answered that they did. Does the society really want to take away @CAPS3 knowledge of whats going on around us and our history? In conclusion, people can communicate with friends and relatives. This is great if you haven't seen them recently, or if you want to just stay in touch. For example, @PERSON4, mycousin, just found me on facebook. I haven't seen her for eight years abut now I talk to her all the time. We talk about visiting each other and how our family's are doing. But, you can also talk to your friends too. Studies show that @PERCENT3 of @CAPS3 between the ages of eleven and eighteen talk to their friends over facebook on a daily basis. Dr. @PERSON2, a teen psychiatrist, says ""I think this is a great idea for @CAPS3 to communicate with other @CAPS3 through the computer. It gives them the chance to interact in a different way."" @CAPS3 have such a good lifestyle for them, do you want to feel guilty for ruining that? Finally, people have perfect opportunities right in front of them. Computers help improve hand eye coordination and helps you learn. It also lets people interact with others in a different way. Do you think that these golden ideas are bad for our society?"	4	5	9
1197	"Dear @CAPS1, you sit down at the computer with a glass water and an afterschool snack, possibly an after work snack. You log on to your many accounts, open some chat boxes with your friends & start researching for your project. As more & more people log on to technology, they seem to come out with new things for computers. Some people are missing out, & dont see the negatives, like social relationships failing, procrastinatting, lack of learning & more! Beep! one new @CAPS2 message. On the computer you can talk to your friends & family, but sometimes people are on so much that in real life relationships fail. You cant type a @ORGANIZATION1 message or hide your feelings behind a screen. Also for kids when they get older, many jobs require customer service, and if you only are good at talking to people on the computer, it cant help you. Whatever you say on the internet can be read & posted anywhere, any site, any time, whereas in real life its really you talking. School are learning are very important too, but sometimes I know I have homework but procrastinate and say ""@CAPS3 @CAPS4 do it later, i need to check this out!"" putting my learning to a stop. Some people dont like school, but its very important in a persons life if you like to be successful, you need to balance school, learning, computer time, and dont forget exercise & possibly work! Computers can be helpful with research & guides, but facebook or twitter is going to slow you down. So buckle down start that research! Chatrooms, @ORGANIZATION2, email and other things can be harmful to you. There are many predators out there who are just waiting for anybody to log on. Its very dangerous, and someone can pretend to be someone there not. Also, computer all day with no exercise can lead to obesity, and sometimes your hands posture can give you carpal tunnel syndrome. There are many bad things that result from computers. Many times in your life youll need to find a balance. Dont overlook the negative or you could get hurt. Computers are nice to have, but be careful not to whittle away all of your time on it!"	4	4	8
1198	"About @PERCENT1 of the world today, use computers. Although you @MONTH1 spend time on the computer, you can contact family and frinds, exercise your brain, and there is time to enjoy nature. Have you ever heard of a email? Well it's a contacting source you can use to contact family and friends. Also there are other sources you can use to conact family and friends. For example, facebook, myspace, and twitter. Even though you're on the computer, you can still do this, you don't always have to call them. I remember a time when I called my aunt from my cell phone, and it wasted my minutes. Something simple as this could've been done over an email. So computers do have a good point to it. Do you know online you can exercise your brain? You can do this by learning new information you haven't learned before. For instance, if my sister needed help with science, she could go online, and learn more information about it. Some experts are thinking that it's too much time on the computer, but it can be very useful to others, by helping them gain knowledge. Computers can even help get online, tutoring, so you can exercise your brain there also. Do you know you can enjoy nature anytime? About @PERCENT2 of our world enjoys nature. Don't you think it can wait until later? Also some people don't like the different seasons and might want to stay in their homes. For example, when it snows. I think nature is good, but I don't think others want to be out as much. Also I know we are apart of nature, and nature is part of our society, but the seasons change and it's lots od bad weather. In conclusion, the computer has some good sources. Although you @MONTH1 spend time on the computer, you can contact family exercise your brain and there time to nature."	4	4	8
1199	"There are all kinds of computers, but they all do the same thing. Computers help people with anything they need. Such as, you can go online and chat with people, you can buy and sell things, you can go to college, you can learn anything, and it helps you type up your homework neatly. I personally think that computers are very helpful and we are lucky to have them. Going online can give you so many opportunities for anything. From going to college online when you don't have the time to go in person to just talking to your friends. You can learn just about anything on the computer and it's just so much fun. The computer to most people I know is the greatest invention besides the obvious ones. Going to college online is so easy. There isn't alot to it. Alot of people in the country online for college. For instance, parents that want to go back but can't go in person or someone who has alot of work but cant fit in the time to actually go to college. But they can go online and take classes on their free time. Also, talking to friends online is fun too. When you arent at a friends house you can chat with them online. Maybe you can go on @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 or @CAPS3 or even your email. There are many ways to do it on tha fabulous computer. The computer is also jam-packed with loads of information that is helpful to anyone in the world. You can learn about different countries, people, or even the recipe of apple pic. Who knows what you can learn. The computer has things for every person in the world. Since we are all different. Some of us like to buy or sell things on the computer or do our homework. Maybe even just a fun computer game is nice. Every person in the world is different, but we have one thing in common. The world knows we need computers and computers are the smartest thing since the calculator. Buying and selling things on the computer is easier than it looks. All you have to do is put what you want to sell online or look online what you want to buy. Then you buy it or sell it. There is more to the process like the @ORGANIZATION1 people bring or take it to or away from you. But that just the basics. You can also do your homework neatly on the computer if you have a messy handwriting. Therefore, the computer has so many things that can benefit you and the world with everything it has to offer."	4	4	8
1200	"Dear, @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 would life effect you if you did not have a computer? I strongly belive that computers have a great effect on people all around the world. It helps you at work for a job and at school. Computers also help students and adults talk to people. Many people want to go to places but they do not know what the place looks like or where it is. With a computer, you can find out all of that information. Read in to the minds of the students and see what we have to say on this topic. With a computer it is much easier at your job or at school. Just think, without computers people would need to write every paper by hand and we all know that can take hours. When you type a paper for school, you go to spell check and then you know everything is correct. If you write a paper by hand, there is a huge chance that some words could be spelt wrong. Work get finished a lot a quicker on the computer so you have more time to do other things like hang out with friends. If you rush on a paper, the people reading it will have a tough time trying to figure out what it says, on the computer, you work is always going to be neat. You mcan e-mail your work to a friend or save it to your computer so if. you need to change something for a paper, it will be a quicker than having to rewrite the whole paper over. Computers do not effect me in a horrible way because it helps 'me get my work done faster. Computers help people communicate with other people. By having a computer people can talk to other people. In many schools students ask their friend a question about homework. Without a computer, people would have no way of asking questions and end up getting it wrong. I like to hang out with my friends and in order to do that you have to make plans. When you are on the computer, you can go on facebook and if they are on, talk to them about what they wanted to do kthat night. It is so much easier to do instead of looking up their number and calling them. Many people in the world have old friends from school that they want to stay in touch with. Now with a computer they will have no issue doing that. You will finally be able to look up a place you want to go. Many people in this world like to travel on the computer you can look up maps and see the shortest way to get to the place, you want to go, you will see if they easy way to get there and that might not he by car. i would not want to go to a place that did not look eye catching. Now I can just go on the website and find out 'everything I wanted to know about that place. If a place is @NUM1 hours away, I would not want to travel that far so I would need to know if a place is close to where I live computers really tell you a lot about it and what the weather is mostly like. i use the computer for mostly everything I do. Comming through our minds have showed you what we have thought about the effects computers have on us today. We can make work a lot easier, talk to other ;people, and get imformation on places you want to visit somebody. The computer is a very reliable source for me and you have lost a lot if you do not agree with me on this."	5	6	11
